0
1
2
74
75
159
232
298
299
428
429
430
0
Boris Johnson elected UK Prime Minister
Boris Johnson was on Tuesday elected as the leader of Britain's governing Conservative Party and the country's next Prime Minister. Johnson will formally take over as Prime Minister on Wednesday, succeeding Theresa May, who stepped down over her failure to get parliament to ratify her Brexit deal. Johnson has in the past served as UK foreign minister and London's Mayor.
https://www.theguardian.com/politics/live/2019/jul/23/boris-johnson-tory-leadership-theresa-may-politics-live
The Guardian
Null
1
SC extends deadline to publish final Assam NRC list to August 31
The Supreme Court on Tuesday extended the deadline to publish the final list of National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam from July 31 to August 31. This was after the state NRC coordinator Prateek Hajela had requested the extension, citing floods. The court, however, rejected the Centre's request to allow re-verification of names included in the NRC.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/supreme-court-extends-deadline-to-publish-final-assam-nrc-to-august-31/story-EGrMfZd3glhTqfD4DdRO6N.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
The Supreme Court on Tuesday extended the deadline to publish the final Assam Citizens list by a month from July 31 to August 31.
The court, however, declined the pleas of the central government and the Assam government for reverification of 20% names in border districts and 10% names in other districts. 
The names of 40 lakh of the 3.23 crore applicants had been excluded from the complete draft National Register of Citizens (NRC) that was released last year. The NRC, monitored by the Supreme Court, is being updated in Assam with the intention of weeding out illegal immigrants.
The Centre had last week asked the top court to extend the July 31 deadline for the Assam citizens list, insisting that it needed to tweak the processes for inclusion of names in the list. 
The Centre said lakhs of illegal immigrants had crept and many citizens left out in the list that had been prepared so far. The illegal immigrants needed to be purged from the list, Tushar Mehra, the central government’s second most senior law officer had said in the top court.
“India cannot be the world’s refugee capital of the world,” Solicitor General Tushar Mehta said.
2
Actress claims she was stopped at US airport over 'Iranian roots'
'Sacred Games' actress Elnaaz Norouzi has claimed that she was stopped at Chicago airport and had to stay in immigration for over 3 hours and undergo a lengthy interrogation due to her "Iranian roots". "Trump has put some ban on [Iranians] and they don't get ESTA anymore," she added. Elnaaz added she missed her connecting flight due to the interrogation.
https://www.timesnownews.com/entertainment/news/people/article/elnaaz-nourouzi-misses-flight-at-chicago-airport-blames-lengthy-interrogation-session-by-authorities/457726?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Actress Elnaaz Norouzi is in Los Angeles, California, these days in order to explore some work opportunities in Hollywood. The Iranian model-turned-actress reportedly didn't receive a very warm welcome after her landing at the Chicago airport. The actress was excitedly looking forward to her US trip but she found herself in trouble as soon as she landed. 
Elnaaz was apparently stopped by the airport authorities in the US, due to which she even missed her connecting flight. She reportedly had to go through a lengthy immigration session as the "authorities wanted to double-check everything".
“I had to stay in immigration for more than 3 hours or so and I was stopped by the officers to board my connecting flight. I hold a German passport and so I do not require a visa to travel to the United States. But due to my Iranian roots, I applied for a normal visa as Trump has put some ban on Iranis and they do not get ESTA anymore and that's why they wanted to double-check on everything," says the actress.



"I was made to wait and they asked a lot of questions and due to the lengthy interrogation session, I missed out on my connecting flight. The next flight was after 6 hours so I had to wait at the airport for quite long and it felt like this journey was never-ending. It was quite tiring but all is fine now and now I am looking forward to meeting a few important agents in LA, now that I am finally here,” she further said.









Elnaaz had made her acting debut with Rohit Jugraj Chauhan's Punjabi movie Khido Khundi last year. She went on to appear in a highly popular web series after that. She was also seen in Guru Randhawa's music video for his single Made In India.
Stay tuned to zoomtv.com for more updates.
3
Apple in talks to buy Intel's modem biz for over $1 bn: Report
Apple is in advanced talks to buy Intel's smartphone modem business for $1 billion or more, The Wall Street Journal reported. This comes weeks after a report had claimed the iPhone maker was in talks to acquire part of the chipmaker's modem business, Intel's "struggling" Germany unit. Notably, Apple has entered into a six-year licensing agreement with Intel-rival Qualcomm.
https://techcrunch.com/2019/07/22/apple-reportedly-in-talks-to-acquire-intels-modem-business-for-1b/amp/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
TechCrunch
Null
4
Muslims hearing 'kabristan or Pakistan' for 70 years: Azam Khan
Reacting to Samajwadi Party MLA Nahid Hasan's 'boycott pro-BJP shopkeepers' remark, party leader Azam Khan said, "It is a sad thing that such a situation arose. But...Who had started this?" "For the last 70 years, we (Muslims) have been hearing either 'go to kabristan (grave)' or 'go to Pakistan'. Who is responsible for it?" he asked.
https://www.timesnownews.com/india/article/video-azam-khan-shocks-again-says-muslims-forced-to-choose-between-kabristan-ya-pakistan/457656?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Kairana: Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan on Monday shocked yet again with his communal and divisive comment. The Rampur MP reiterated that Muslims were paying a price for choosing to stay in India after partition in 1947.
While commenting on Kairana MLA Nahid Hasan’s appeal to Muslims to boycott the shopkeepers who support the BJP, Khan said: "It is a sad thing that such a situation arose. But who is responsible for it? Who had started this? We (Muslims) stayed back, our ancestors stayed back in India.”
"For the last 70 years, we have been hearing either 'go to kabristan (grave)' or 'go to Pakistan'. Who is responsible for it?" asked Samajwadi MP and former Uttar Pradesh minister Azam Khan. 
The Samajwadi Party leader, who has been declared a 'land mafia' by the Yogi Adityanath government, added that prominent leaders like Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel had appealed to Muslims to stay back but today, the community is being dealt with badly.
"Bapu, Maulana Azad, Sardar Patel, Nehru ji asked us to stay back. The Muslims who were about to leave the country stayed back. Bapu had assured us that this nation is as much ours as it is anyone else's. But what is the treatment being meted out? We are told our place is either in the grave or in Pakistan," Khan said.
Responding to Azam Khan’s statements, BJP leader Jagdambika Pal said: "If the conditions were bad (in India), Azam Khan would not have been an MP. And he is just not an MP, he was a minister before this. It is possible only in India that he can run a private university."
"The condition in Pakistan is not a secret...Azam Khan is being able to speak freely because India ensures the freedom of speech and expression. I feel the way India has given security to its minorities, even the neighbouring countries like Pakistan and Bangladesh, or even Indonesia, and the South East nations do not give such kind of freedom," added Pal.
Earlier today, Samajwadi Party MLA from Kairana in Uttar Pradesh's Shamli district, Nahid Hasan, was booked for purportedly asking people to not buy products from shops being run BJP supporters.
The SP MLA has been booked under Indian Penal Code Sections 153 (wantonly giving provocation to cause riot), 153 A (promoting enmity between different groups), 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant), and 505 (statements conducing to public mischief).
5
I was the reason MTB Nagaraj got a ticket: Congress' DK Shivakumar
Congress leader DK Shivakumar has said in Karnataka Assembly that he was the reason MTB Nagaraj got a ticket from Congress. Shivakumar added, "Couldn't we have locked them (rebel MLAs) up? No, because we have trust in them. Bring them here, let them vote against this government." Notably, Speaker has ordered to complete the trust vote by 6 pm today.
https://www.india.com/news/india/karnataka-political-crisis-live-updates-2-3724588/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
India.com

Karnataka Crisis LIVE: Speaking in Vidhana Soudha, Congress’ Shivakumar said, “BJP leaders are being misguided. I went to Mumbai to speak to them (rebel MLAs). I spoke to one of the MLAs there and he asked me to come and take him away.”

Karnataka Crisis LIVE: Lawyers of the rebel MLAs meet Karnataka Speaker KR Ramesh Kumar at his chamber in Vidhana Soudha today. A delegation from the Congress party also met the Speaker.
Karnataka Crisis LIVE: Mukul Rohatgi, representing Karnataka rebel MLAs in SC said, “SC has passed an order saying that Court is optimistic that Speaker will hold floor test today; has kept the matter for tomorrow. I hope the Speaker realizes what his position is, what Constitution obliges him to do.”
Karnataka Crisis LIVE: It’s the final day for this govt. We believed yesterday was the last but because of the ‘milapi kushti’ in between ruling party and others they postponed it for one day…We’ll see what happens and if division of votes take place this govt will definitely be defeated, says J Shettar, BJP

Karnataka Crisis LIVE: BS Yeddyurappa and other BJP MLAs arrive at Vidhana Soudha, Bengaluru. 
New Delhi: The fate of the fragile 13-month old Congress-JD(S) government in Karnataka is likely to be sealed on Tuesday with the much-awaited trust vote in Vidhan Soudha. Giving a fresh deadline for the trust vote — 6 pm on Tuesday, speaker KR Ramesh Kumar had asked the JDS-Congress government to complete the floor test in the day itself.
Besides, the Speaker has also summoned the 15 rebel MLAs at 11 AM following the ruling coalition’s request that they be disqualified. Senior Congress leader DK Shivakumar said, “The Speaker has served notice to rebel MLAs, giving them time till 11 AM (Tuesday). The BJP is trying to convince them that they won’t be disqualified and they will be made ministers. As per the Constitution of India, you can’t be made a member once you’re disqualified.”
Speaking to reporters yesterday, CLP leader and former Karnataka CM Siddaramaiahm had said that the floor test will be finished on Tuesday after the speech of some of their party members. “On Tuesday, we will finish the floor test, after some of our members speak. By 4 PM Tuesday we will finish discussion, by 6 PM we will finish the floor test,” Siddaramaiah had said.
Yesterday, the house witnessed ruckus after the Opposition Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) members, who waited since morning for the crucial floor test, protested against the Speaker for adjourning the session without the floor test, he promised them on Friday and throughout the day.
“The Speaker betrayed us again by adjourning the House without the floor test for the fourth time since July 18 after assuring us that he would not defer it beyond Monday,” former CM and  BJP leader BS Yeddyurappa told reporters outside the Assembly.
Earlier on Monday, the speaker had hinted that the trust vote will be held before 6 PM.  “I am confident that the discussion on confidence motion will end today and House will agree for voting. I can’t independently decide on this but I am sure the government will keep up its promise to complete the exercise today,” the Speaker had said.
The Congress-JD(S) government in Karnataka plunged into a crisis after 16 MLAs – 13 of the Congress and 3 of the JD(S) tendered their resignations. The coalition strength would fall to 101, if the resignations are accepted or if the rebel MLAs stay away. In contrast, the BJP has 105 of its own and a total of 107 with the support of the two independents.
6
Sachin Bansal puts ₹25 cr in microfinance firm Chaitanya India
Flipkart Co-founder Sachin Bansal has invested ₹25 crore in microfinance firm Chaitanya India, run by Chaitanya Rural Intermediation Development Services, regulatory filings revealed. This comes months after a report said BAC Acquisitions, a fund co-founded by Bansal, was looking to acquire about 75% stake in Chaitanya India. Sachin Bansal could be Chaitanya's new CEO, the report had claimed.
https://entrackr.com/2019/07/sachin-bansal-3-7-mn-microfinance-chaitanya-india/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Entrackr
Null
7
OYO Founder to get $2-billion loan from Japan's Nomura, Mizuho
OYO Founder, 25-year-old Ritesh Agarwal, is receiving a $2-billion loan from three Japanese lenders including Nomura, Mizuho and an unknown bank, to purchase the Gurugram-based budget hospitality startup's shares. Agarwal is purchasing a $1.5-billion stake from early OYO investors Lightspeed Venture Partners and Sequoia India. He will be investing the rest $500 million in the startup.
https://entrackr.com/2019/07/nomura-mizuho-ritesh-agarwal-debt/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Entrackr
Null
8
NASA replies after criticism over tweet congratulating ISRO
NASA has responded after criticism for its tweet in which it congratulated ISRO for the successful launch of 'Chandrayaan-2'. After Twitter users claimed that NASA was "boasting about its own capabilities" in the congratulatory tweet, NASA replied, "We're proud to support international exploration missions & see what they learn. The principle of global cooperation is one of our guiding philosophies."
https://twitter.com/NASA/status/1153342160776912896?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
9
251-metre-tall Ram statue in Ayodhya to be world's tallest: UP CM
Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath on Monday said that a 251-metre-tall statue of Lord Ram will be built in Ayodhya, which he claimed will be the world's tallest statue. At 251 metres, it'll stand taller than the 182-metre-tall Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel statue (Statue of Unity) in Gujarat. Yogi Adityanath said the Ram statue would be installed on a 100-acre site.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/lucknow/at-251m-ram-statue-in-ayodhya-to-be-world-s-tallest/story-5b8j6DKQc5PsNaQVhXmcNJ.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
10
BJP leader, wife & son shot dead at their home in Jharkhand
Local BJP leader, Mago Munda, along with his wife and son, was shot dead by unidentified assailants at his house in Jharkhand's Khunti district on Monday night. Munda was a member of the state working committee of the ST morcha of the party and the vice president of the Murhu block level 20-point programme implementation committee.
https://twitter.com/ANI/status/1153584243420934149?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1153584243420934149&utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalheraldindia.com%2Findia%2Flatest-news-breaking-news-live-updates-23rd-july&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Null
11
Kashmir issue will never be resolved bilaterally: Pak PM Imran Khan
Pakistan PM Imran Khan said in an interview that the issue of Kashmir will never be resolved bilaterally. Khan's statement came after US President Donald Trump offered to mediate on the Kashmir issue, claiming PM Narendra Modi had also requested him to. However, India has denied Trump's claim, reiterating that all issues with Pakistan are to be resolved bilaterally.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/kashmir-issue-won-t-be-resolved-bilaterally-imran-khan-after-trump-meet/story-VAeNLMr2IEa4SFqdOQD2JK.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
12
India's crude oil output in June falls to lowest in four months
India's crude oil production in June fell 6.8% from a year earlier to about 2.69 million tonnes, the lowest since February, government data showed. Further, Indian refiners processed 20.30 million tonnes of crude oil in June, down 7.1% from last year. Reliance Industries' Jamnagar refinery and Indian Oil's Barauni refinery were among the key refineries affected by shutdowns in June.
https://in.reuters.com/article/india-refinery-output/indias-june-oil-output-falls-to-lowest-in-four-months-idINKCN1UH1KY?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
13
Bombay HC quashes Nusli Wadia's defamation case against Ratan Tata
The Bombay High Court on Monday quashed the criminal defamation suit filed by Nusli Wadia against Ratan Tata and certain Tata Sons directors in 2016. Wadia filed the case after he was removed from boards of some Tata companies. He accused Tata and others of making defamatory statements against him after the removal of Cyrus Mistry as Tata Sons Chairman.
Null
14
Zimbabwe all-rounder Solomon Mire announces retirement
Following the suspension of Zimbabwe Cricket by the ICC, Zimbabwe's all-rounder Solomon Mire has announced his retirement from cricket. Mire featured in 47 ODIs, nine T20Is and two Tests for Zimbabwe, scoring 955, 253 and 78 runs in the formats respectively. "Representing my country at the highest level for me has been the highest honour and service," Mire wrote.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/zimbabwe-all-rounder-solomon-mire-announces-retirement/story-csUipsfNdI9KmYT7pVjTLN.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
15
I’ll be really, really happy to captain Man Utd: De Gea
Speaking about the captaincy role, Manchester United's Spanish goalkeeper David de Gea said, "[I]t is amazing to be captain of a club like Manchester United and defend this badge... [S]o, of course, I'll be really, really happy to captain." De Gea is reportedly on the verge of agreeing to a six-year contract extension at United.
Null
16
7 Indian boxers reach the quarterfinals of Thailand Open
Seven Indian boxers including Asian Championships silver medallists Deepak Singh (49kg) and Ashish Kumar (75kg) reached quarterfinals of Thailand Open on Monday. They were joined by India Open silver-medallist Brijesh Yadav (81kg). In women's category, former junior world champion Nikhat Zareen (51kg), Manisha Moun (57kg), Manju Rani (48kg) and Bhagyabati Kachari (75kg) reached the quarterfinals.
Null
17
James Anderson ruled out of one-off Test vs Ireland
English pacer James Anderson has been ruled out of the one-off England-Ireland four-day Test to be held at Lord's. Anderson has failed to recover from the injury sustained to his right leg when playing for his county Lancashire against Durham on July 2. Anderson will continue to be assessed ahead of the first Ashes Test at Edgbaston on August 1.
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/cricket/article-7276059/Englands-record-wicket-taker-James-Anderson-RULED-Ireland-Test-Ashes-looming.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Daily Mail
James Anderson has been ruled out of England's four-day Test against Ireland at Lord's due to a calf injury.
Anderson has failed to recover from the injury sustained to his right leg when playing for his county Lancashire against Durham on July 2.
'Jimmy will continue to be assessed ahead of the first Specsavers Ashes Test at Edgbaston on August 1,' an ECB statement read. 
James Anderson has been ruled out of England's four-day Test against Ireland this week
Anderson's unavailability for Ireland's maiden Test on these shores was not unexpected and the target now facing the 36-year-old is to be fit in time to face Australia.
Chief selector Ed Smith stated when naming the squad last week that England's record wicket-taker would not be risked ahead of the Ashes series if there was any lingering doubt over his injury.
Bowling resources have already been stretched by the side strains suffered by Mark Wood and Jofra Archer in the recent World Cup victory over New Zealand.
Wood is likely to be missing until the decisive phase of the summer after being ruled out for four to six weeks.
The prognosis over Archer is more vague and the 24-year-old is currently on holiday in Barbados.
Anderson's delayed return points to either Somerset all-rounder Lewis Gregory or Warwickshire pace bowler Olly Stone making their debut on Wednesday.
Either Somerset's Lewis Gregory (L) or Warwickshire's Olly Stone (R) could make their debut
 
18
China's Boxing Federation names Mayweather as 'special adviser'
According to the Chinese Boxing Federation, retired American boxer Floyd Mayweather has agreed to become a "special adviser" to the Chinese Olympic boxing team to help them prepare for the Tokyo Olympics in 2020. China had won four medals in boxing events at the 2016 Summer Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/boxing/article-7276037/Boxing-News-Floyd-Mayweather-named-special-adviser-Chinas-Olympic-team.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Daily Mail
Floyd Mayweather has been named 'special adviser' to China's boxing team as they look to improve their medal count at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. 
The Chinese Boxing Federation have announced the boxing legend has pledge to 'go all-out to use his infuence and resources to support the Chinese boxing project in achieving excellent results at the Tokyo Olympics'.
China did not earn their first Olympic medal in the sport until 2004, though it has improved dramatically in recent years.
Floyd Mayweather has been named 'special adviser' to China's boxing team
Zou Shiming won China's first Olympic boxing medal at Athens, and they won four more at Rio 2016. 
Mayweather will bring considerable expertise to the role after a perfect 50-0 record in the ring during his career.
He finished with 27 knockouts and won five world titles in five different weight divisions.
The American legend has not returned to the ring since defeating Conor McGregor nearly two years ago in August 2017.
China will hope that Mayweather's expertise can improve their medal haul at Tokyo 2020
19
Facebook admits Messenger Kids app bug let kids talk to strangers
Facebook has admitted that a security flaw on its chat platform dedicated to children, Messenger Kids, could let them talk with strangers who hadn't been approved by their parents. The flaw let group chat admins add their approved contacts to the group, even if they weren't approved by other group member's parent. Facebook said it has closed affected chats.
https://www.bgr.in/news/flaw-in-facebook-messenger-kids-app-allowed-children-to-chat-with-strangers/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
BGR
Facebook has admitted a design flaw in its Messenger Kids Service that exposed thousands of children on group chats with unauthorized users. According to a report in The Verge on Tuesday, the design flaw in Facebook Messenger Kids app “allowed users to sidestep that protection through the group chat system, thereby letting children to enter group chats with unapproved strangers”.
The social networking platform introduced Messenger Kids in 2017 and is aimed at kids under 13 years of age. Despite call for withdrawal by experts, Facebook said a “technical error” was behind the problem in group chat. Facebook sent notification to parents, saying it has disabled the group chats in cases where the flaw was detected.
“We recently notified some parents of Messenger Kids account users about a technical error that we detected affecting a small number of group chats,” a Facebook spokesperson was quoted as saying. “We turned off the affected chats and provided parents with additional resources on Messenger Kids and online safety,” the company added.
Messenger Kids is a video chat and messaging app designed for kids to communicate with family and close friends that parents or caregivers approve. Parents set up and manage their child’s Messenger Kids account through their own Facebook account. It is unclear how long the bug was present in the app’s group chat feature.
Last year, more than 100 child health experts wrote an open letter to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, urging him to discontinue the Messenger Kids app. “At a time when there is mounting concern about how social media use affects the well being of adolescents, it is particularly irresponsible to encourage children as young as pre-schoolers to start using a Facebook product,” the authors wrote.
Facing the flak from lawmakers and experts, Facebook in February this year decided not to build a new app called “LOL” to let children share and post humorous meme content. Instead, the social media giant said it would focus more on its Messenger Kids service.
20
It's time for Rahul, his young team to rebuild Cong: Digvijaya
Congress leader Digvijaya Singh said that the time has come for party leader Rahul Gandhi and his "young team" to take over and rebuild the party. He added that the party has always encouraged young leadership and now the team should take BJP/RSS ideology head-on. He said the team should save the country from this "ideology of hate and violence".
https://www.timesnownews.com/india/article/digvijaya-singh-slams-old-guard-says-its-time-for-rahul-gandhi-and-his-young-team-to-restructure-party/457806?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Bhopal: Time has come for Rahul Gandhi and his young team to take over the party, said senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh amid the ongoing leadership crisis in the grand old party on Tuesday. Slamming the old guard of the party, Digvijaya said that his generation would be "happy" to hand over the baton. 
"Congress Party has always encouraged young leadership. So come on take BJP/RSS Ideology Head On and you have our unconditional support and would be very happy to be led.  So now Lead and save our Country from this Ideology of Hate and Violence. We are with you," Digvijaya tweeted. 
Since Rahul Gandhi's resignation on July 3, 2019, taking responsibility for the party's drubbing in the Lok Sabha Elections, the party is without a chief.  Elections in two states - Haryana and Maharashtra - are scheduled this year, while two states are set to go to polls in the early months next year.  However, the party seems to be in disarray with no clarity on when the new leadership will be elected. 
While Rahul Gandhi has asserted that a non-Gandhi should be the next chief, several senior leaders have stressed that a non-Gandhi at the helm will lead to split in the party. Recently, Natwar Singh endorsed ) Priyanka Gandhi’s name for the post saying that the party will split within 24 hours if a non-Gandhi is elected as its chief.
Earlier, Mani Shankar Aiyar had said that a ‘non-Gandhi’ can be party chief, but the Gandhi family must remain active within the organisation.
As for Priyanka Gandhi, her recent standoff with the Uttar Pradesh government stirred memories of July 1977 when Indira Gandhi emerged as the messiah of the oppressed class when she visited Bihar's Belchi village in the aftermath of a bloody massacre where 11 Dalits were killed. Priyanka seems to be heading towards a similar path, however, whether she'll be able to bring the grand old party alive, remains to be seen. 

 
21
Andhra Pradesh Dy Speaker suspends 3 TDP MLAs from Assembly
Andhra Pradesh Deputy Speaker Kona Raghupathi suspended three TDP MLAs from the Assembly for obstructing the proceedings of the House. The MLAs started protesting after not being satisfied with the explanation given by the YSRCP over its promise of granting a pension to minority communities' women over the age of 45. They were suspended for the rest of the session.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/ap-3-tdp-mlas-suspended-from-assembly20190723130035/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Amaravati (Andhra Pradesh) [India], July 23 (ANI): Andhra Pradesh Assembly Deputy Speaker Kona Raghupati on Tuesday suspended three Telugu Desam Party (TDP) MLAs, K Acchennaidu, Gorantla Buchaiah Chowdari and N Ramanaidu from the Assembly.They have been suspended until the end of the Budget session. Nara Lokesh, TDP General Secretary and former minister in a tweet said, "This is what happens in the Rajanna Rajyam (YSR's rule) - if we stand for people."The suspension came in when during the Question Hour, TDP MLA Ramanaidu asked for clarity on YSRCP election promise of pension for SC, ST, backward castes, minorities and women at the age of 45, to which YSRCP minister Peddireddy Ramachandra Reddy said that no such promise was made.Supporting his minister, Chief Minister Jagan Mohan Reddy intervened and exhibited a video of his speech during an election campaign.Not satisfied with the Chief Minister's response, the MLAs wanted to exhibit a video available with them but were not allowed to do so and the Speaker went on to proceed with other questions.TDP MLAs started protesting and even climbed the Speaker's podium to stall further proceedings in the House. Following the ruckus, Legislative Affairs Minister B Rajendranath proposed to suspend the three TDP MLAs - Acchennaidu, Chowdari and Ramanaidu - for the session.The proposal was accepted by the Deputy Speaker who was in the chair and the MLAs were suspended.However, TDP MLAs did not leave and started raising slogans against the government after which the marshals had to take them out of the House. (ANI)
22
Woman accuses husband of giving triple talaq; seeks help from PM
A woman named Rabiya Rao in Uttar Pradesh has accused her husband of giving her triple talaq in 2017 and forcing her to marry either his brother or his uncle. "I wrote...to PM Narendra Modi to seek help...I even met the UP CM....but I'm still struggling to get justice," she said. The police have registered an FIR in this matter.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/up-woman-accuses-husband-of-giving-triple-talaq-forcing-for-nikah-halala20190723140837/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Saharanpur (Uttar Pradesh) [India], July 23 (ANI): A woman named Rabiya Rao in her complaint with the District Magistrate (DM), Saharanpur, has accused her husband of giving her triple talaq and forcing her to marry either his brother or his uncle. A case has been registered in this matter by the DM."I wrote a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to seek help in this matter. I even met the Chief Minister in Kanpur regarding my case but I am still struggling to get justice," Rabiya said."I got married in 2016 and my husband gave me triple talaq in 2017. Later, he forced me for Nikah Halala. I was forced to marry either his brother or his uncle. I think this was a planned conspiracy by my husband. Even after giving me a divorce, my husband used to maintain contact with me," Rabiya added.Alok Pandey, DM informed that "We have registered an FIR in this matter and we have recorded Rabiya's statement under section 164. Rabiya's husband forced her to marry either his 50-year-old uncle or his 25-year-old brother."According to the police, Rabiya's husband used to harass her physically and abuse her when she refused to marry his in-laws.Rabiya has requested the authorities to take quick and stern action against her husband. She is fighting for every woman across the nation who is struggling to get justice just like her, told Rabiya. (ANI)
23
New bills on cyber security, crime against women soon: Govt
G Kishan Reddy, MoS for Home Affairs, on Saturday said that the Centre would soon bring new bills on cybersecurity, cyber terrorism and also to check crimes against women and girls. "Protection of women is a state subject, we shall make amendments to IPC," he added. Reddy further said that the Ministry will have online connectivity with all police stations.
http://www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2019/jul/20/new-bills-on-cyber-security-crime-against-women-soon-union-minister-kishan-reddy-2006933.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The New Indian Express
HYDERABAD: The Central government is planning to amend Section 376 and related Sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), allowing capital punishment for raping individuals under the age of 18. Current provisions allow for capital punishment to those convicted of raping children less than 12 years old.
“We are planning to amend the related Sections to increase the age limit to 18 or 20. An amendment Bill will soon be introduced in Parliament,” Union Minister of State for Home Affairs G Kishan Reddy told reporters here on Saturday, and added that the Centre would amend the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act to include the stringent provisions.
He also said that new Acts on cyber security and cyber terrorism would soon be enacted by the Centre.
Responding to a question, the MoS said that all foreigners staying in the country illegally — without valid documents — would be deported. “Terrorism and women’s safety are major challenges before the government.
Though women’s safety is a subject of the States, the Centre too is financing some State programmes like She-Teams,” he asserted.C
All police stations to be connected
Reddy said that every police station India would be linked to North Block. “So far, 60-to-70% of police stations in the country are linked to the Home Ministry. The rest will be linked by the end of this month. Once an FIR is filed in any police station, it will immediately be known by the minister of home affairs in North Block,” he explained
The Business Advisory Committee (BAC) meeting, to further discuss the agenda of Parliament, would be held on Monday, Kishan Reddy said and hinted that the Parliament session was likely to be extended till August 2. “The MHA is a very useful department to serve the people. I am also learning lot while interacting with the officers concerned,” he said, and added that he was going to North Block as a student to learn matters related to the Ministry of Home Affairs. He further said he would initiate a debate on the amendment Bill on unlawful activities on Monday. He also called on Governor ESL Narasimhan at the Raj Bhavan on Saturday.
Meanwhile, BJP MLC N Ramchander Rao alleged that the TRS completed the Assembly session without debating pressing issues. “The TRS is facing a lot of opposition from the people. In the municipal polls, it will meet the same fate as it did in the LS polls,” he said.
24
Panchayat Raj officer caught taking bribe in Andhra Pradesh
A Panchayat Raj officer was caught red-handed by the Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) while taking a bribe for a transfer order in Andhra Pradesh's Srikakulam. The officer had demanded ₹10,000 for the transfer of a senior assistant at the department and later finalised a deal for ₹5,000. The senior assistant informed the ACB, who caught the officer taking the money.
https://www.siasat.com/panchayat-raj-officer-caught-while-taking-bribe-srikakulam-1557608/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Siasat Daily
Null
25
SC orders cancellation of registration of Amrapali group of companies
The Supreme Court has ordered cancellation of registration of all Amrapali group of companies and directed Enforcement Directorate to conduct a detailed investigation against the group for diverting home-buyers' money. SC also directed the National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) to complete Amrapali's unfinished housing projects in Noida and Greater Noida and handover these to home-buyers.
https://twitter.com/ANI/status/1153535269141979136?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Null
26
Slippers left after Scarlett Keeling's murder led to man's conviction
A pair of orange slippers that beach shack worker Samson D'Souza left behind as he hurriedly abandoned British teenager Scarlett Keeling on Goa's Anjuna beach led to his conviction in the 11-year-old murder case. D'Souza was accused of drugging and sexually assaulting Keeling before leaving her to die. The Bombay High Court last week sentenced him to 10 years' imprisonment.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/how-a-pair-of-orange-slippers-initially-thought-to-be-innocuous-led-to-accused-s-conviction-in-scarlett-keeling-case/story-TlZB9teu0Zy6Swd3T4qU1I.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
27
Imran Khan admits Pak knew about Osama's presence on its soil
In an interview during his visit to the US, Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan admitted that the country knew about the presence of al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden on its soil. Pakistan's spy agency ISI provided information to the CIA, which helped the US track down Osama, Khan claimed. Pakistan had previously denied having any knowledge of Osama's presence.
https://www.timesnownews.com/international/article/imran-khan-drops-a-bomb-claims-pakistan-knew-about-presence-of-al-qaeda-chief-osama-bin-laden-on-its-soil/457755?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Washington: Ever since al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden was tracked down and killed by the United States forces way back in 2011, Pakistan had maintained that it had no knowledge about the presence of the terrorist on its soil.
However, current Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan has spilled the beans on his country’s role in the operation that led to the elimination of the world’s most dreaded terrorist.
Khan, who is on a bilateral visit to the United States, told a US news outlet that his country’s intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), had passed on information to the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) that helped track down Osama.
Khan said, during an interview, that the ISI had provided the initial location through a phone connection to the US intelligence agency. He was responding to a question on whether Islamabad would release jailed Pakistani doctor Shakeel Afridi, who played a key role in the tracking down of Osama.
Osama was eliminated in Abbottabad, a garrison town situation close to Islamabad, on May 2, 2011, in a secret operation conducted by the US Navy SEALs.
"It was ISI that gave the information which led to the location of Osama bin Laden. If you ask CIA, it was ISI which gave the initial location through the phone connection," the Pakistan PM said.
He did not say anything concrete on the release of Afridi. US President Donald Trump has made a call for the release of the Pakistani doctor.
Khan told the interviewer that Afridi’s issue is considered an "emotive" one in Pakistan as he was a US spy. “We in Pakistan always felt that we were an ally of the US and if we had been given the information about Osama, we should have taken him out,” Khan said.
He pointed out that his country, Pakistan, had been helping in the US war against terrorism. The US raid to take out Osama had "hugely embarrassed Pakistan", he said.
“Here, we were an ally of the US and the US did not trust us. And they actually came and bombed and killed a man in our territory,” Khan said. “We were fighting this war for the US and we lost all these people fighting this war. So there was obviously a lot of anger about the way this whole thing was done. But you know, that's all in the past,” he added.
28
Avatar maker congratulates Avengers on becoming top-grossing film
'Avatar' director James Cameron has congratulated 'Avengers: Endgame' makers after it surpassed the record of 'Avatar' to become the highest-grossing film of all time. "Congratulations to Avengers: Endgame on becoming the new box-office king," the text accompanying a picture of Iron Man with Pandora's creatures read. Cameron also congratulated Marvel when it broke the record of his other film 'Titanic'.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/james-cameron-concedes-defeat-wishes-marvel-as-avengers-endgame-dethrones-avatar-as-box-office-king/story-piACYC6oaEJoEqUh7HThqL.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
29
Was waiting for announcement, disappointed at not being picked: Gill
After failing to make it to Team India squads for West Indies tour, 19-year-old batsman Shubman Gill said he was expecting to be selected for at least one of the squads. "I was waiting for the team to be announced...It was disappointing not to get picked," he added. "I'm not going to spend time thinking over it," he further said.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/india-vs-west-indies-expected-to-be-selected-for-at-least-one-of-the-squads-shubman-gill-after-selection-snub/story-0Y0O30ir1tjn7hI9Ac3dNP.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
30
Ronaldo to not face criminal charges in 10-year-old rape case
Juventus forward Cristiano Ronaldo won't face criminal charges over allegations he raped a woman at a Las Vegas hotel in 2009, according to prosecutors. Clark County District Attorney Steve Wolfson said there isn't enough evidence to prove the allegations beyond reasonable doubt. Police said that the initial investigation was closed in 2009 after the woman did not reveal Ronaldo's identity.
https://www.theguardian.com/football/2019/jul/22/cristiano-ronaldo-rape-allegations-no-criminal-charges-las-vegas?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Guardian
Prosecutors in Las Vegas say that Juventus star Cristiano Ronaldo will not face criminal charges over allegations he raped a woman at a Las Vegas hotel in 2009.
After reviewing a police investigation into the claims, Clark County district attorney Steve Wolfson said on Monday there is not enough evidence to prove the allegations beyond reasonable doubt, and no charges will be filed.
“Based upon a review of the information presented at this time, the allegations of sexual assault against Cristiano Ronaldo cannot be proven beyond a reasonable doubt. Therefore, no charges will be forthcoming,” Wolfson said in a statement.
Ronaldo’s accuser Kathryn Mayorga, who came forward with her story last year, has filed a separate civil lawsuit against the footballer in US federal court. She claims the Portugal star initially used “fixers” to stop her pursuing criminal charges, including paying her $375,000 to keep quiet. Ronaldo’s lawyer, Peter Christiansen, has not denied his client reached an agreement nine years ago with Mayorga, who says she came forward with her story in the wake of the #MeToo movement.
@LasVegasDA Declines to Prosecute 10-year-old Sexual Assault Allegation Against Cristiano Ronaldo. @ClarkCountyNV pic.twitter.com/XXdc8D9Plk
Christiansen says that Ronaldo and Mayorga had sex but it was consensual. Mayorga, meanwhile, said she had initially agreed to kiss Ronaldo so that he would leave her alone but he eventually forced her into sex. “After he assaulted me, he wouldn’t let me leave again. He wouldn’t let me leave,” Mayorga told Der Spiegel in 2018. Mayorga filed a complaint with Las Vegas police the day after the alleged assault in 2009, although she refused to name her assailant. On Monday, Wolfson said this meant that Las Vegas police were unable to locate any forensic evidence. He added that video footage of any interactions between Mayorga and Ronaldo had been lost.
Mayorga says she was then in shock for three months after the alleged assault before ultimately deciding to draw a line under the matter by agreeing to a settlement. When she came forward last year Las Vegas police reopened an investigation into the allegations.
Ronaldo has denied Mayorga’s claims. “I firmly deny the accusations being issued against me,” he said in October 2018. “Rape is an abominable crime that goes against everything that I am and believe in. Keen as I may be to clear my name, I refuse to feed the media spectacle created by people seeking to promote themselves at my expense. My clear conscious [sic] will thereby allow me to await with tranquillity the results of any and all investigations.”
Ronaldo is one of the most famous athletes in the world. The 34-year-old is a five-time winner of the Ballon d’Or, an annual award for the best footballer in the world. He started his career at Sporting Lisbon before winning titles with Manchester United in England, Real Madrid in Spain and Juventus in Italy. He is also a national hero in Portugal, and led his country to the European Championship title in 2016.
31
Ashwin takes wicket with unique action, video goes viral
A video of Dindigul Dragons captain Ravichandran Ashwin taking a wicket with a unique action against Madurai Panthers in TNPL-4 has gone viral. Ashwin hid the ball behind his back till the last moment and delivered it while keeping his left hand almost motionless. The batsman was deceived by the slow flight of the ball and got caught at long-leg.
https://www.crictracker.com/tnpl-2019-ravi-ashwin-unveils-his-mystery-ball-again-gets-a-wicket/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
CricTracker
Ravi Ashwin is known for trying out new things with the ball in hand and even the ongoing Tamil Nadu Premier League (TNPL) is not an exception to it. He is leading the Dindigul Dragons in the competition and the team has won both the matches so far in the tournament. On Monday, they defeated the defending champions Madurai Panthers by 30 runs and with the result of the game being a foregone conclusion, Ashwin tried his cheeky action in the final over.
The skipper bowled the last over of the innings with 32 runs to defend with the opposition seven down. Ashwin struck off the first ball by removing the dangerous Abhishek Tanwar and then it was about going through the motions for both the teams. However, with two balls to go, the bowler tried his mystery action which he did in the first game as well.
Advertisement
Ashwin, in his run-up, hid the ball behind his back. He also kept his non-bowling arm motionless and flighted the ball with almost no speed. The batsman, Kiran Akash, looked surprised and seeing the flight, he backed himself to clear the boundary. But the ball could only reach the long-on fielder and Ashwin got a wicket with his mystery action.
ABSOLUTE CRIME!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 pic.twitter.com/fOeJQsN3Co
— Srini Mama (@SriniMaama16) July 22, 2019


Madurai Panthers opted to bowl first after winning the toss and soon they found out, it was a mistake. The Dragons’ openers N Jagadeesan and Hari Nishanth got the team off to a brilliant start by adding 104 runs in 13.2 overs. The latter scored an attractive half-century before getting out. But Jagadeesan carried on and remained unbeaten until the end scoring 87 off just 51 deliveries with 12 fours and a solitary six.
Dindigul Dragons ended up on 182 runs for the loss of six wickets after 20 overs and it was always going to be an uphill task for the Panthers. They were in the game in the first six overs but kept losing the wickets at regular intervals. M Silambarasan and Ravi Ashwin bowled exceptionally well to return with the figures of 4/20 and 3/16 respectively as the Dragons sealed the game by 30 runs.

32
Give 4 weeks to appear: Rebel MLAs to Speaker on disqualification plea
Around 13 rebel Karnataka MLAs have written to Assembly Speaker KR Ramesh Kumar seeking four weeks' time to respond to his summons on the disqualification petition moved against them by Congress leader Siddaramaiah. This comes after the Speaker summoned the rebel lawmakers to meet him on Tuesday. Around 16 Congress and JD(S) MLAs had submitted their resignations.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/karnataka-political-crisis-give-us-4-weeks-to-appear-13-rebel-mlas-write-to-speaker-on-disqualification-plea/story-Dnav5Tgj1eM1NSRogHOwtL.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
33
Impossible that PM Modi will ask anyone to mediate on Kashmir: Tharoor
While taking a dig at US President Donald Trump over his recent claims that PM Narendra Modi asked him to mediate on the Kashmir issue, Congress MP Shashi Tharoor said, "Trump doesn't know what's he saying." "Impossible that (PM) Modi will ask anyone else to mediate because it's our clear policy that we don't want a third-party mediation," he added.
https://www.india.com/news/india/impossible-that-pm-modi-will-ask-anyone-for-mediation-on-kashmir-says-shashi-tharoor-3724756/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
India.com
New Delhi: Congress MP Shashi Tharoor on Tuesday lambasted US President Donald Trump over his recent claims that PM Narendra Modi asked him to mediate on the Kashmir issue.
“Trump doesn’t know what’s he saying. Maybe he didn’t understand the issue or nobody briefed him. Impossible that Modi will ask anyone else because it’s our clear policy that we don’t want a third party mediation. If we’ve to talk to Pakistan. We’ll do that directly,” Tharoor said.
I honestly don't think Trump has the slightest idea of what he's talking about. He has either not been briefed or not understood what Modi was saying or what India's position is on 3rd-party mediation. That said, MEA should clarify that Delhi has never sought his intercession. https://t.co/DxRpNu6vw2— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) July 22, 2019

Meanwhile, Congress party dared Modi to wake up and call Trump’s claim ‘bluff’. “Now, ‘Whitehouse’ puts up POTUS’ (Donald Trump) assertion in ‘black and white’ that Prime Minister Modi asked him to ‘mediate on Kashmir’. When will our Prime Minister ‘wake up’ and call the bluff if President Trump is lying? Or did Prime Minister Modi ask POTUS (Donald Trump) to mediate?” Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said in a tweet .
Earlier on Monday, while addressing a press conference before his meeting with visiting Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan in the White House, Trump had said, “I was with Prime Minister Modi two weeks ago, and we talked about the subject. And he actually said, ‘would you like to be a mediator, or arbitrator’, and I said ‘where?’, and he said ‘Kashmir’, because this has been going on for many, many years. I was surprised for how long it has been going on,” to which Imran Khan interjected to say, “70 years”.
“I think they (India) would like to see it resolved, and I think you (Pakistan) would like to see it resolved. And if I can help, I would love to be mediator,” the US President said.
India had rebuffed Trump’s claim, saying that Modi had never made such a request to him, and stressed that all outstanding issues with Pakistan are “discussed only bilaterally”.
“We have seen the US President’s remarks to the press that he is ready to mediate, if requested by India and Pakistan, on the Kashmir issue. No such request has been made by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the US President,” Ministry of External Affairs Spokesperson Raveesh Kumar said in a tweet.
34
SP MLA clarifies his 'boycott pro-BJP shopkeepers' remark
Uttar Pradesh Samajwadi Party MLA Nahid Hasan claimed that different meaning was attached to his 'boycott pro-BJP shopkeepers' remark. He linked his remark to demolition of stalls of "poor vendors" due to development projects. "I had said 'the BJP shopkeepers' because the BJP is in power now and some of its leaders are involved in things like this," Hasan added.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/politics/sp-mla-clarifies-his-boycott-bjp-supporters-shops-remark-says-his-words-were-misinterpreted20190722222330/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Lucknow (Uttar Pradesh) [India], July 22 (ANI): After making a controversial remark in which he had allegedly asked people of an area to boycott shops of BJP supporters, Samajwadi Party legislator from Kairana, Nahid Hasan on Monday said that a different meaning is being attached to his remark.Addressing reporters here, Hasan said: "Poor vendors are also traders, and not only the rich who sit in shops. There is a conflict between them. The matter has been taken up in a different manner, a different meaning is being deduced."He also linked his remark with development projects which allegedly lead to the demolition of certain shops."If the market is crowded, there is an alternative - bypass. If there is a bypass, then why the houses of those who have been there for years were demolished," he asked.Clarifying his statement, he said: "Their (poor's) houses were demolished and they are also being forced to set up their stalls, within walls. Who will buy from them if they don't display their goods ? I had said the BJP shopkeepers because the BJP is in power now and some of its leaders are involved in things like this."Recently a video had gone viral in which Kairana MLA was allegedly spotted asking a gathering to boycott shops of BJP supporters. (ANI)
35
We're hungry: K'taka MLAs tell Speaker in order to delay trust vote
As Karnataka Assembly session began at 11 am and continued till 10:30 pm, several JD(S)-Congress coalition MLAs told the Speaker to adjourn the House citing that they were all "very hungry". "I am willing to order food from a hotel, eat and continue," Speaker KR Ramesh Kumar said. Eventually, the Assembly was adjourned at 11:30 pm.
https://www.thenewsminute.com/article/were-hungry-karnataka-mlas-latest-excuse-delay-trust-vote-105946?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The News Minute
It seemed that the JD(S)-Congress MLAs were out of ideas to delay the trust vote in the Karnataka Assembly session on Monday until Opposition Leader BS Yeddyurappa inadvertently offered a new lease. It was past 10.30 pm and there seemed no end in sight for the session that had begun at 11 am. Any chance of decorum and sensible debate had almost flown out the window when Yeddyurappa raised a crucial question: “Honourable Speaker, can we adjourn for dinner and reconvene? We are willing to wait as long as possible for the trust vote to happen today (Monday) at any cost.”
The legislators of the JDS(S)-Congress coalition wasted no time jumping on the excuse. They weren't just hungry. They were hangry. “Yes, yes. Let’s adjourn for dinner and go home. We are all very hungry,” Congress and JD(S) MLAs, who were already in the well of the House, began yelling.
A visibly miffed Speaker sat with his head in its hands. Yeddyurappa munched on cashews nuts to satiate his appetite. The Karnataka Assembly session on Monday, which had convened to debate and vote on the motion of confidence, had dragged on for way too long. The deciding trust vote that could make or break the coalition would have to wait another day — dinnertime beckoned, the MLAs argued. 
But food wasn't a good enough reason to satisfy everyone. Unwilling to budge, BJP MLA from Tumkur, JC Madhuswamy, stood up and yelled, “It's OK honourable Speaker, we are willing to stay here till midnight, with or without food.” Silence fell upon the House as Madhuswamy’s statement swept across the room. 'Without food' was not an option that the hungry legislators seemed willing to entertain. 
Chaos fueled by hanger soon erupted in the house. Intervening on behalf of the MLAs creating a ruckus, Large Scale Industries Minister KJ George said, "Let's adjourn for dinner and reconvene tomorrow (Tuesday). We are all hungry and we can go home, sleep and start fresh in the morning. A lot of our MLAs still have to speak. We can’t finish this today."
Leaders of the ruling coalition had been playing a game of one-upmanship with the Opposition – Who will win in the game of delaying the trust vote? The MLAs of the coalition have waxed lyrical about the opposition’s greed for power and their alleged involvement in the horsetrading of MLAs for the last five days. 
Each and every legislator, who spoke in the Assembly has said the same thing, over and over again, albeit in different words -- The BJP's involvement in the horse-trading of MLAs and the party's hand in crippling democracy and assaulting the Constitution. The issue had reached its peak on Monday. From the Opposition and the Speaker to the marshals guarding the doors of the Assembly, everyone wanted the issue to be put to rest. “When can we go home? Is this ever going to end? We are hungry, too,” a marshal said. The delaying tactic was getting under the Speaker’s skin. The clock struck 11 pm and yet he refused to budge.
"I am willing to order food from a hotel, eat and continue,” Speaker KR Ramesh Kumar said as he ordered decorum in the house. Another bout of sloganeering and shouting began with Congress and JD(S) MLAs shouting. "We are hungry, adjourn the house so we can reconvene tomorrow."
It became apparent that the coalition’s MLAs had irritated the Speaker beyond words when Periyapatna MLA Shivalinge Gowda said, “I am diabetic. I don’t have the energy to continue. Please let us go home. Yeddyurappa sir, you are diabetic, too. Please let us adjourn.” Soon, toffees and chocolates were distributed for those who had diabetes and the chaos continued.
Holding his head in his hand, a defeated Speaker finally caved to pressure. The sambar rice he had ordered for the MLAs had arrived and a mad rush for dinner ensued. The Assembly was adjourned at 11.30 pm. MLAs, journalists, marshals and bureaucrats, who were still at Vidhana Soudha, began rushing out, hoping for a meal, when one of the marshals announced, “The food is over.”
36
PM must tell nation what transpired: Rahul on Trump's mediation claim
Talking about US President Donald Trump's remarks on Kashmir mediation, Congress President Rahul Gandhi tweeted, "Trump says PM (Narendra) Modi asked him to mediate between India & Pakistan on Kashmir!" "A weak Foreign Ministry denial won't do. PM must tell the nation what transpired in the meeting between him & [Trump]," he added, referring to their meeting amid G20 Summit.
https://www.thequint.com/news/india/president-donald-trump-statement-mediate-india-pakistan-kashmir-issue-live-updates?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Quint
Null
37
AI research lab OpenAI raises $1 billion from Microsoft
San Francisco-based AI research lab OpenAI has raised $1 billion from Microsoft. "Our ambition is to democratise AI, while always keeping AI safety front and centre, so everyone can benefit," Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said. OpenAI was Co-founded by Elon Musk in 2015, who left its board and daily operations in 2018 to avoid a conflict of interest with Tesla.
https://techcrunch.com/2019/07/22/microsoft-invests-1-billion-in-openai-in-new-multiyear-partnership/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
TechCrunch
Microsoft  is making a $1 billion bet on OpenAI,  the company formed by notable founders including Elon Musk and Sam Altman  three years ago with the aim of doing research and development work to steer the growth of artificial intelligence toward the “friendlier” end of the spectrum, in order to help mitigate what Musk sees as a potential existential threat from AI if it isn’t developed responsibly while it grows in capability.
On Monday, Microsoft and OpenAI announced a multiyear “exclusive computing partnership” that will include the two companies building new AI supercomputing technologies for Microsoft’s Azure cloud platform, and OpenAI will also port its existing services to work on Azure. Microsoft will also now be “OpenAI’s preferred partner” when it comes to the commercialization of new AI technologies it develops in the future.
All the talk of “exclusivity” and “preference” in this announcement is particularly interesting because one of OpenAI’s founding principles was to “freely collaborate” among other AI researchers, and make both its work and patents available to others. But there are some caveats, including that there is OpenAI Inc. the nonprofit organization, and its for-profit corporate subsidiary OpenAI LP, and that its current charter includes a provision that out of “safety and security concerns” it may reduce its public publishing of its work as it moves forward.
The goal of this partnership for Microsoft seems to be to provide it an edge in building out a broad-scale Azure AI platform, and ensure its supercomputing technologies are involved in the development of artificial general intelligence. OpenAI benefits because Microsoft will be party to its principles around developing advances in AGI safely and with humanity’s interest in mind — and there’s the $1 billion, too.
This $1 billion isn’t a lump-sum up-front investment — instead, it’s a total amount that can be delivered anytime over the next decade, in installments that correspond with funding efforts on OpenAI’s side that feed back into Microsoft’s own AI ambitions, as detailed by The New York Times.
While the exact breakdown of the nature of the investment wasn’t made public, an account apparently belonging to CTO Greg Brockman  on HackerNews said that it was “a cash investment.”
Update (11:30am PT): long after the press releases hit the wire at 6am this morning, OpenAI contacted us with a bit more detail about the announcement. Here is the statement we received from OpenAI co-founder and CTO Greg Brockman: “It’s a cash investment into OpenAI LP. It uses a standard capital commitment structure, to be called as we need it. We plan to spend it in less than five years, and possibly much sooner.”
At its launch, OpenAI noted that it had $1 billion committed from Musk, Altman and co-founder Brockman, as well as Reid Hoffman,  Jessica Livingston, Peter Thiel, Amazon Web Services  (this makes the Azure angle here particularly interesting), Infosys and YC Research, though it did not anticipate spending that much in the ensuing few years.
38
In no hurry to exit firms in India: SoftBank Vision Fund
SoftBank Vision Fund's Managing Partner Munish Varma said the fund is in no hurry to list the Indian companies it has invested in. "Globally, we've had a number of companies that went public - Uber and Slack to name a few," Varma said. "As India grows, the plan is the same...We'll take them public when the time's right," he added.
https://www.livemint.com/companies/news/softbank-fund-says-in-no-hurry-to-exit-firms-in-india-portfolio-1563814005699.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
39
Son, wife jailed for 2 yrs for illegally evicting mother from house
A court in Telangana's Rangareddy has convicted a man and his wife for illegally evicting his mother out of her house and threatening and insulting her. The court sentenced the couple to two years of rigorous imprisonment and imposed a ₹10,000 penalty on each of them. The mother had approached police in 2015, accusing her elder son in the case.
https://www.thenewsminute.com/article/son-and-wife-throw-out-mother-her-house-hyderabad-get-2-year-jail-term-105930?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The News Minute
In a rare judgement, a court in Telangana's Rangareddy district convicted a man and his wife for throwing his mother out of her house and threatening and insulting her. The  Nineteenth Metropolitan Magistrate’s Court found the couple guilty and sentenced them to two years of rigorous imprisonment and a penalty of Rs 10,000 each. 
Prema Kumari, a resident of Neredmet in Secunderabad, had approached the police in 2015, stating that her elder son, Amit and his wife, Lavanya, had illegally taken possession of her house and kicked her out. Prema's husband had died in 2013.
In 2015, Amit and Lavanya had shifted from their home to Musheerabad, to Prema's house in Neredmet, and allegedly locked her out.
“My elder son has threatened to kill me if I ask about the house. He claims that it is his property and abused me in very vulgar language. My life has been threatened and my elder son Amit would be responsible for it,” Prema's complaint reportedly stated.
The police had registered a case under Sections 341 (Wrongful restraint), 471 (Using as genuine a forged document or electronic record), 506 (Criminal intimidation) and 509 (Word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of the IPC and arrested the couple and filed a chargesheet.
Delivering the verdict, the court said that Prema, who was living with her other children, could now return to her home.
While the Supreme Court has stated in the past that abusive adult children can be evicted by parents from their own home, there are also laws which ensure the safety of the parents.
The Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act, 2007 states that it was enacted "to provide for more effective provisions for the maintenance and welfare of parents and senior citizens, guaranteed and recognized under the Constitution and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto."
Read: Abused, abandoned, neglected: A law protects senior citizens in India, but not many know of it
40
UP man hiding from dogs set on fire on being mistaken for thief; dies
A 28-year-old man succumbed to his injuries at a Lucknow hospital four days after he was mistaken for a thief and stripped, thrashed and set on fire in UP's Barabanki. He was going to his in-laws' place on Thursday when stray dogs forced him to hide in a shed outside a house. Five people have been charged with his murder.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/dalit-man-in-up-set-on-fire-after-being-mistaken-for-thief-dies/story-m1yYLNjbgnsLeorVj4UZlO.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
41
Policeman jumps into Ganga to save drowning man; dept shares video
Uttarakhand Police has shared a video of a policeman jumping into Ganga river to save a Haryana-based man from drowning. The man had gone for a dip when he slipped and fell into the river. He was being carried away by the current of the river when the policeman saw him and jumped in to save his life.
https://www.thequint.com/news/india/uttarakhand-cop-jumps-into-river-saves-mans-life?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Quint
An Uttarakhand police officer has received praise after a viral video showed him risking his life to save a man from drowning in the Ganga.
According to Uttarakhand police, Vishal, a resident of Haryana, had gone to the ghat at Haridwar for a dip in the Ganga when his foot slipped and he fell into the river. He was being carried away by the current of the river when Sunny, a police officer who is a part of the Uttarakhand police force, saw him and jumped in to save Vishal's life.
The video shows Sunny reaching Vishal, gripping him and swimming back towards the river bank, battling the current.
The video has gone viral and many have been praising the officer's bravery. "We are proud of you Sunny. God bless you," one comment read.
One Twitter user said that the country saluted such officers .
Also Read : CRPF Jawan Melts Hearts by Donating Blood to Save Life of Naxal
Also Read : Cop Stopped A Speeding Car; Ended Up Saving a 12-Day Baby’s Life
(The Quint will no longer be on WhatsApp, owing to changes in its policies regarding news publishers. You can now get the latest news updates on our Telegram channel. For handpicked stories every day, subscribe to us on Telegram.)
42
TN man transfused with HIV+ blood as baby compensated after 20 years
A Chennai court has directed a hospital to pay a compensation of ₹20 lakh to a man who was infected with HIV-positive blood via transfusion as a toddler in 1999. The court also ordered the government to provide employment to the 21-year-old man. It further observed that the loss and physical and mental injury caused to the family is irretrievable.
https://www.thenewsminute.com/article/chennai-man-transfused-hiv-blood-baby-compensated-20-years-later-105929?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The News Minute
In a case of justice awfully delayed for a family from Tamil Nadu, a civil court in Chennai has directed the Institute Of Child Health and Hospital for Children in Chennai to pay a sum of Rs 20 lakh to a man who was infected with HIV positive blood as a toddler. The court has also ordered the government to provide employment to the 21-year-old to enable him to live the rest of his life with dignity.
In 1999, the couple, who worked as daily wage labourers, admitted their nine-month-old son to the hospital, popularly known as the Egmore Children’s Hospital, following complaints of diarrhea and vomiting. The couple was told that their son needed a blood transfusion as well as surgery since his intestines were intertwined. The court found that since the couple were not able to comprehend the medical issues explained by the doctor, they requested the doctors to do what they thought was the best to save him from pain. While the blood transfusion was unsuccessful prior to the surgery, it was possible for the doctors to transfuse the blood after surgery. However, just two days after the surgery, the toddler fell ill again and was taken to the hospital. Blood tests soon revealed that the child was HIV positive, despite no close relatives or parents being infected.
The government hospital had claimed that Sriram* 'could have contracted the disease due to inadequate treatment taken in a private hospital.' Judge Thenmozhe of the XVII Additional City Civil Court said that no proof was forthcoming from the government to substantiate this claim. “When this court puts specific question to the Egmore Children’s Hospital, it has been stated that no surgery was conducted on victim in a private hospital and no blood was transfused to him in any private hospital. His parents are poor coolies and the mother has specifically stated that she has not taken any treatment in a private hospital for her son. The Egmore Children’s Hospital who is equipped with a government machinery with several facilities ought to have verified the allegations in their written statement.” observed the judge. 
The court also noted that the loss and physical and mental injury caused to the family is irretrievable. "The knowledgeable and skilled person from the hospital breached duty of care and protection. Hospital failed to convey the risk accompanying in the blood transfusion and negligently contaminated blood which is hazard to life and health passed to petitioner's son's tender body and made his body as carriage for life threatening virus,” observed the court.
While the government hospital argued that it had already paid Rs 50,000 to Sriram's family, the civil court said that that this was merely towards medical expenses and cannot be considered as compensation for the negligence on the part of the [hospital] employees.
Elaborating on the social and emotional costs, the court deemed Rs 9 lakh for mental agony, Rs 3 lakh for medical expenses, Rs 2 lakh for pain and suffering, Rs 2 lakh for loss of family life, Rs 1 lakh for loss of job opportunities, Rs 1 lakh for travel expenses and extra nourishment, Rs 2 lakh for loss of social status— a total of Rs 20 lakh.
*Name changed
43
Relations with Pak improved after we ended $1.3 billion aid: Trump
During his meeting with Pakistan PM Imran Khan, US President Donald Trump said relations between the two countries improved after the US ended the $1.3 billion aid that it had been giving to Pakistan. "We were paying $1.3 billion...Pakistan was not doing anything for us," Trump added. US ended the aid after Pakistan failed to combat terrorism on its soil.
https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefings-statements/remarks-president-trump-prime-minister-khan-islamic-republic-pakistan-bilateral-meeting/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The White House
Null
44
South Korea fires at Russian aircraft that entered its airspace
The South Korean military fired warning shots at Russian military aircraft that entered South Korean airspace on Tuesday, the Ministry of National Defence in Seoul said. The South Korean government would lodge an official complaint with Russia, the Ministry added. It was the first time Russian military aircraft violated South Korean airspace, an official said.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-southkorea-russia-aircraft/south-korea-fires-warning-shots-at-russian-military-aircraft-in-its-airspace-idUSKCN1UI072?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
45
Afghanistan would be wiped off if US fights a war there: Trump
US President Donald Trump has said if the US wanted to fight a war in Afghanistan and win it, the country could win it in a week. "Afghanistan would be wiped off the face of Earth...literally in 10 days," he added. However, he further said, "I just don't want to kill 10 million people...I don't want to go that route."
https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/afghanistan-would-be-wiped-off-the-face-of-earth-but-says-donald-trump/story-3BA0mzpUjLEdqy6Sf6qnSM.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
46
Centre wants to completely destroy RTI Act: Sonia Gandhi
A day after the Lok Sabha passed the RTI (Amendment) Bill, UPA Chairperson Sonia Gandhi said, the Centre wants to completely destroy the "historic" RTI Act. She added that the Centre sees the Act as a "nuisance" and wants to destroy the status and independence of the Central Information Commission. She said the Act stands on the "brink of extinction".
Null
47
Naxal, with ₹1 L reward, killed in encounter in Chhattisgarh
A Naxal, carrying a reward of ₹1 lakh, was killed in an encounter with security forces in Chhattisgarh's Sukma, police said. It added that the encounter triggered when the security personnel were out on a counter-insurgency exercise and Naxals started firing. The Naxals soon fled the spot and the personnel recovered the body of the Naxal, the police said.
http://www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2019/jul/23/naxal-killed-in-encounter-with-police-in-chhattisgarh-2008078.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The New Indian Express
RAIPUR: A Naxal, carrying a reward of Rs 1 lakh on his head, was killed in an encounter with security forces in Chhattisgarh's Sukma district on Tuesday morning, police said.
The skirmish took place in a forest near Birabhatti village, located around 500 km from the state capital Raipur when a District Reserve Guard team was out on a counter-insurgency exercise, Deputy Inspector General (anti-Naxal operations) Sundarraj P told PTI.
The security personnel were advancing through the forest when Naxals started firing at them, leading to the gun battle between the two sides, he said. The Naxals soon fled the spot and escaped into the dense forest, the official said. After the exchange of fire stopped, the body of a rebel and two country-made guns were recovered from the spot, he said.
The killed Naxal was identified as Madkam Hidma, secretary of the rural party committee of Maoists in the area, the DIG said, adding that he was carrying a reward of Rs 1 lakh on his head. A search operation was still underway in the area, he added.
48
IMD issues red alert for 2 Kerala districts, predicts heavy rains
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a red alert for Kerala's Kannur and Kasargod districts saying that the two districts are expected to receive 'extremely heavy' rains in the next 24 hours. It issued an orange alert for Kozhikode, Malappuram and Wayanad. Schools in Kannur, Kasargod and Malappuram have been closed for today in the view of IMD's warning.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/kerala-red-alert-issued-for-kannur-kasaragod20190723103109/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Thiruvananthapuram (Kerala) [India], July 23 (ANI): Red alert has been issued for Kannur and Kasaragod districts of Kerala as India Meteorological Department (IMD) predicted "extremely heavy" rainfall at isolated places in the state today.An orange alert has been issued for Kozhikode, Malappuram, and Wayanad. Moreover, a yellow alert has been issued for Palakkad, Thrissur, Ernakulam, and Idukki.A holiday has been declared for schools in Kannur, Kasargod and Malappuram districts.IMD has further stated that that rough to very rough sea conditions are expected to prevail along and off Goa-Karnataka-Kerala and south Tamil Nadu coasts and Andaman and Nicobar and Lakshadweep Islands.Fishermen have been advised not to venture into these areas for the next few days. (ANI)
49
3 godowns gutted in fire in Maharashtra's Bhiwandi
Three godowns were gutted in a fire on Tuesday in Maharashtra's Bhiwandi, officials said. A bike parked outside one of the buildings was destroyed in the fire and residents of nearby buildings said, they heard blasting noises from the buildings. A fire officer said that they faced problems reaching the spot due to bad roads.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/maharashtra-3-godowns-gutted-in-major-fire-in-bhiwandi20190723103441/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Bhiwandi (Maharashtra) [India], July 23(ANI): Three godowns were gutted after a major fire broke out at a rubber storage facility in Thane district in the wee hours of Tuesday.The fire, which broke out at Dapora Prenana compound at around 2 am, engulfed a nearby chemical godown and subsequentially spread to another godown adjacent to it.Residents of nearby buildings said they heard loud noises of chemical drums blasting in the storage facility. A bike parked outside one of the buildings was razed in the fire.Five fire tenders were rushed to the spot. Dattatraya Salvi, a fire officer, said they faced problems in their operation as the roads leading to the area were very bad. "The routes were so bad that we feared the fire engines may lose balance. This is causing problems in transporting water," he said. (ANI)
50
2 Afghan nationals arrested with 50 kg heroin: Police
The Delhi Police Special Cell arrested two Afghan nationals during a raid at a cold storage located in Haryana's Sonipat and seized around 50 kg of heroin from their possession. The police said that the consignment had reportedly entered India through Wagah-Attari Border. On Friday, the police arrested five people and seized 150 kg of Afghan-origin heroin worth ₹600 crore.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/two-afghan-nationals-arrested-with-50kg-heroin20190723104049/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
New Delhi [India], July 23 (ANI): The Delhi Police Special Cell on Tuesday arrested two more Afghan nationals on charges of smuggling 50 kilograms of drugs.The officials conducted raids at a cold storage located on Mariyapuri Road of Kundli village in Sonepat in the early hours of Tuesday."From 102 cartons carrying kismis (reisins), 204 polypacks concealed between cardboard layering, containing about 50 kilograms Heroin recovered...Two more Afghan nationals arrested...," Delhi Police Special Cell wrote on Twitter.The officials also informed that the two men arrested are from Kandahar and Helmand. "The consignment had reportedly entered India through Wagah-Attari Border," the organisation said in another tweeted.On Friday, Delhi Police Special Cell had seized about 150 kilograms of Afghan-origin heroin, exposing an Afghan-Pakistan narcotics cartel in the process. Five persons, including two Afghanistan nationals, were arrested. (ANI)
51
PM Modi didn't request Trump to mediate on Kashmir issue: MEA
Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Raveesh Kumar has refuted US President Donald Trump's claim that PM Narendra Modi requested him to mediate on Kashmir issue with Pakistan. "It has been India's consistent position that all outstanding issues with Pakistan are discussed only bilaterally," Kumar tweeted. "Any engagement with Pakistan would require an end to cross border terrorism," he added.
https://twitter.com/MEAIndia/status/1153371327371173895?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
52
US lawmaker apologises to Indian envoy for Trump's Kashmir claim
US Congressman Brad Sherman has apologised to Indian Ambassador to the US Harsh V Shringla over President Donald Trump's claim that Prime Minister Narendra Modi had requested him to mediate on Kashmir issue with Pakistan. "Everyone knows PM Modi would never suggest such a thing. Trump's statement is amateurish and delusional. And embarrassing," Sherman tweeted.
https://twitter.com/BradSherman/status/1153401422383333378?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1153401422383333378&utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.republicworld.com%2Fworld-news%2Fus-news%2Fus-lawmaker-slams-donald-trumps-kashmir-mediation-lie-says-he-apologised-to-indian-envoy-over-us-presidents-amateurish-and-embarrassing-mistake%3Futm_source%3Dizooto%26utm_medium%3Dpush_notifications%26utm_campaign%3DTrumpKashmirLie%26utm_content%3D%26utm_term%3D&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
53
US reverses Trump's offer to mediate, says Kashmir a bilateral issue
Reversing US President Donald Trump's offer to mediate in the Kashmir dispute, US State Department's Acting Assistant Secretary for South and Central Asia Alice Wells said, "Kashmir is a bilateral issue." "Trump administration welcomes Pakistan and India sitting down and the US stands ready to assist," she added. Trump had claimed PM Narendra Modi asked him to mediate.
https://twitter.com/State_SCA/status/1153444051368239104?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
US State Department
Null
54
OnePlus 7 now available at EMI offer of ₹1,600 per month
With easy EMI options, the new OnePlus 7 is now available for ₹1600 per month, making it accessible for college students. The smartphone features the Snapdragon 855 for power while RAM boost makes sure your device intelligently adapts to your individual use. It also has a long-standing battery life featuring a 3700 mAh battery that comes with Fast Charge support.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&utm_campaign=fullarticle&v=k0AFLBUcz3Q&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
YouTube
Null
55
Alum of Great Learning’s PGP-DSE lands job at Fractal Analytics
Sneha upskilled with Great Learning's PG Program in Data Science and landed a job at Fractal Analytics. The program is designed to help early-career professionals become proficient in data science with a curriculum designed by industry experts and taught by leading academicians. Learners get placement assistance and an average salary hike of 65% upon transitioning.
https://www.greatlearning.in/great-lakes-pgp-data-science-full-time?utm_source=inshorts&utm_medium=23july&utm_campaign=dseft
Great Learning
Null
56
Sex education should be introduced in schools: Sonakshi Sinha
Actress Sonakshi Sinha, while speaking about her upcoming film 'Khandaani Shafakhana', said, "It talks about the importance of sex education, which should be introduced in schools." "We consider ourselves a modern society but we hesitate to talk about sex," she added. Sonakshi will be seen playing a character who is running a fertility clinic in the film.
https://www.timesnownews.com/entertainment/news/bollywood-news/article/it-talks-about-sex-education-which-should-be-introduced-in-schools-sonakshi-sinha-on-khandaani-shafakhana/457501?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Null
57
Ex-Indian Idol judge Anu Malik to return to TV post #MeToo row: Reports
Singer-composer Anu Malik, who had earlier stepped down as the judge of 'Indian Idol' season 10 after being accused of sexual harassment, will return to television with the music reality show 'Superstar Singer', as per reports. "He will make an appearance along with lyricist Sameer in an episode dedicated to the songs composed and written by them," reports stated.
https://www.pinkvilla.com/tv/news-gossip/former-indian-idol-judge-anu-malik-return-tv-show-post-metoo-controversy-463326?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Pinkvilla
Null
58
American tennis player Riske dances to 'Nachde Ne Saare' on her wedding
American tennis player Alison Riske, who defeated world number one Ashleigh Barty in Wimbledon, got married to Stephen Amritraj, son of ex-Davis Cup captain Anand Amritraj. A video from their wedding ceremony showing Riske dancing to 'Nachde Ne Saare' song from 'Baar Baar Dekho' went viral. "Where all my new Indian followers at??!!" wrote Riske sharing the video on Twitter.
Null
59
17-yr-old shooter Manu Bhaker gets admission in Lady Shri Ram College
CWG 2018 gold medallist shooter Manu Bhaker will pursue Political Science at the Lady Shri Ram College in Delhi. The 17-year-old will pursue the course under the sports quota. "Congratulations to our young #shooting champion. Our TOPS athlete has won gold medals at CWG and various World Cup and has earned quota for 2020 Olympics," Sports Authority of India tweeted.
https://www.aninews.in/news/sports/others/sai-congratulates-manu-bhaker-for-getting-admission-into-lsr-college20190722215118/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
New Delhi [India], July 22 (ANI): Sports Authority of India (SAI) on Monday congratulated young pistol shooter Manu Bhaker for getting admission in political science at the Lady Shriram College here.SAI in a tweet praised Bhaker, adding that the young shooter is a TOPS athlete and has won medals at Commonwealth Games, various World Cups and earned an Olympic quota."Congratulations to our young #shooting champion @realmanubhaker for getting admission in Delhi's prestigious Lady Shriram College in Political Science Our #TOPSAthlete has won gold medals at Commonwealth Games & various World Cups & has earned a quota for #Tokyo2020 @Olympics," SAI wrote along with Bhaker's picture.Bhaker secured the seventh Olympic quota for India as she finished at the fourth place in the women's 10m air pistol event of the International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF) World Cup in Munich in May this year.The young shooter shot 201.0 in the finals to secure the quota for the Tokyo Olympics 2020. It was the first quota for the Indian contingent in the women's 10m pistol category.Earlier in April, Bhaker teamed up with Saurabh Chaudhary to clinch India's second gold at the ISSF World Cup in Beijing. (ANI)
60
Jofra Archer can succeed in Tests: James Anderson
England pacer James Anderson has said that pacer Jofra Archer has got a great future ahead of him and that he can succeed in Tests. "To come into a World Cup final and deliver under that sort of pressure was amazing to see...especially for such a young guy," he added. Notably, Archer was England's highest wicket-taker in 2019 World Cup.
https://www.cricketcountry.com/news/jofra-archer-world-cup-final-super-over-hero-can-succeed-in-tests-predicts-james-anderson-871148?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Cricket Country
Null
61
IIT Madras students create 'agricopter' to spray pesticides in fields
Students at the IIT Madras have developed a 'smart agricopter' to eliminate manual spraying of pesticides in agricultural fields and help identify crop health by using an imaging camera. The agricopter aims to spray pesticides ten times faster than manual spraying. The three students also filed a patent for the agricopter, the estimated cost of which is around ₹5.1 lakh.
https://www.livemint.com/education/news/iit-students-develop-agricopter-to-eliminate-manual-spraying-of-pesticides-1563803706161.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
62
Trust vote should be passed by 6 PM on Tuesday: K'taka Assembly Speaker
Karnataka Assembly Speaker KR Ramesh Kumar unilaterally adjourned the assembly till 10 am on Tuesday after failing to conduct a floor test on Monday. He also set a deadline to complete all the proceedings regarding the floor test by 4 PM on Tuesday and added that the trust vote should be completed by 6 PM.
https://www.thenewsminute.com/article/live-blog-will-floor-test-karnataka-assembly-happen-today-105878?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The News Minute
With Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy likely to face a floor test, the political instability, which the state has been facing since July 6, is expected to conclude on Monday.
This will come after two days of hectic parleys between the ruling coalition and the BJP over the last two days in the state Assembly with party MLAs throwing barbs at each other. All efforts of the Congress top brass to make the rebels return to party fold has failed. 15 MLAs of the Cong-JD(S) coalition government have tendered their resignation. They had approached the Supreme Court which had issued an interim order on July 17 giving them liberty not to attend the trust vote proceedings.
The developments until Monday morning indicate a clear advantage for the BJP with 105 MLAs of their own and the support of two independents. 
Missives by the Governor to hold the floor test within two separate deadlines on Friday have also been ignored by the Chief Minister, with the ruling coalition seeking full-fledged discussions on the developments.
The 15 rebel MLAs of the Congress and the JD(S) have been camping in Maharashtra, including Srimant Patil, who fled from a resort in the city on July 17. With Ballari Rural MLA B Nagendra likely to appear for Monday’s session, the combine will have the support of 101 MLAs, including the Speaker.
The halfway mark of the 224-member House is 112 with the magic number being 113. However, with the rebel MLAs set to miss the trust vote, the halfway mark will come down to 104.
There will be developments at the Supreme Court as well, with both the Congress and Chief Minister Kumaraswamy approaching the court seeking clarity over its interim order on the issue of party whip for the rebels.  
(Note: Please wait for a few moments for the live blog to load. If it doesn't, disable your Adblocker.) 
63
Stop purchasing goods from pro-BJP shopkeepers: SP MLA urges people
A video has surfaced online, showing Samajwadi Party MLA from Uttar Pradesh's Kairana, Nahid Hasan, requesting people in his constituency to stop purchasing products from pro-BJP shopkeepers. Hasan claimed that pro-BJP shopkeepers depend on the people of Kairana for business, adding, "If you boycott them, they will have to mend their ways and fall in line."
Null
64
6 girls flee school after forced to clean toilets; school denies
Six girls, students of Kasturba Gandhi residential school in Barabanki, who were found missing from the premises of the school were traced from a nearby village and brought back. The girls accused the warden of forcing them to clean toilets and utensils. The warden and the school denied the allegations, saying they were making such allegations because they were homesick.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/6-girls-flee-residential-school-after-allegedly-forced-to-clean-toilets-school-denies-allegations20190722202051/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Barabanki (Uttar Pradesh), July 22 (ANI): Six girls, students of the Kasturba Gandhi Residential school who were found missing from the premises of the school on Monday were traced from a nearby village and brought back today itself. The minor girls accused the hostel warden of forcing them to clean toilets and utensils. The school has denied these allegations.Upon receiving news of girls fleeing the hostel, the district administration swung into action and instructed the Block Shiksha Adhikari (BSA) to take cognizance of the situation. The children were soon brought back to the school.The students accused the hostel warden of making them do tasks like cleaning toilets, utensils and clothes and also complained about the poor quality of water which compelled them to leave school.After examining the CCTV footage, BSA VP Singh said the children had snuck out of school early in the morning and boarded a tempo to a nearby village where one of the students, Mansi resided."The children were brought back to the school and we also discussed the matter with Mansi's parents," said VP Singh.  Refuting the allegations made by the students he stated, " We have our own sanitation staff and the children are made to do nothing of this sort. The children had been admitted recently and that's why they are finding it difficult to adjust. Slowly they will adjust in the school.""They are being taught to do certain chores and disciplines of living in a residential school like making their own beds and cleaning their own utensils but they are not being made to clean the school premises," he added.The warden also denied the allegations and said the students were making such allegations because they were homesick."I heard that the girls were crying to go home and they were told that their guardians would be summoned. Soon afterwards, one child motivated them to flee the school to the house where they were found staying," she said."We would have taken action if children were being forced to such work. We have our own sanitation staff, we do not make children do such work," she added. (ANI)
65
Resignation letter fake, someone forged my signatures: Karnataka CM
After a letter claiming to be a resignation note by Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy went viral on social media, the Chief Minister said that the letter is fake. He alleged that the BJP created the letter and circulated it on internet. The letter had claimed that the Chief Minister was resigning due to personal reasons.
https://www.thenewsminute.com/article/fake-resignation-letter-hd-kumaraswamy-circulates-cm-alleges-bjp-hand-105925?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The News Minute
A fake letter, claiming to be a resignation note by Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy, was circulated on Monday night, adding to the drama at the Karnataka Assembly.
“Due to my personal reasons, I'm tendering my resignation from the post of chief minister of Karnataka. Kindly accept my resignation and relieve the council of the minister of Karnataka appointed by me on 22/07/2019,” the fake letter read. 
While the CMO had denied the letter, the Chief Minister himself mentioned the letter on the floor of the assembly on Monday night.
“Look at the kind of politics they (BJP) are perpetrating. They have created a fake resignation letter and the electronic media is showing it. It is on social media," the CM informed the Speaker during the late night debate.
When BJP members objected to the allegation, the CM said, "What disrespect have we perpetrated? The kind of drama you have done... Congress' Krishna Byre Gowda has revealed your true colours. And you are talking about disrespect?” the Chief Minister asked BJP.
The letter had become viral on WhatsApp groups and on social media. It was shown in various news channels as the letter was kept on Kumaraswamy's table in the assembly. His staff later clarified that the printout of the letter was given to the CM to inform him that such a letter was being circulated.

CM Kumaraswamy had earlier asked the Speaker for two more days to hold the trust vote in the Karnataka Assembly to determine the fate of the coalition government. This, after a prolonged discussion was held on Monday in the Karnataka Assembly in which Congress and JD(S) leaders attempted to reason with the Speaker that the issues pertaining to disqualification and resignations of MLAs be completed.
This is the second fake letter row in Karnataka in the past year. Earlier, the BJP circulated a forged letter, which was also published by Kannada paper Vijayvani, purportedly written by Home Minister MB Patil to Sonia Gandhi, claiming that the two had “conspired to break the Lingayat community in 2017”. The letter had stated that the only way to increase Congress tally is by dividing Hindus and subsequently uniting Christians and Muslims.
The 15 rebel MLAs of the Congress and the JD(S) have been camping in Maharashtra, including Srimant Patil, who fled from a resort in the city on July 17. The halfway mark of the 224-member House is 112 with the magic number being 113. However, with the rebel MLAs set to miss the trust vote, the halfway mark will come down to 104.
66
Man dies of electrocution in Delhi, another dies saving him
Two men were electrocuted after a high-tension overhead cable fell on a water-logged street in south Delhi's Fatehpur Beri on Sunday. A plumber died after the cable got entangled in the bike he was riding, while a 54-year-old carpenter was electrocuted when he rushed to save the plumber. A BSES official said their internal accidents committee is investigating the case.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/cities/delhi-man-dies-of-electrocution-another-dies-saving-him/story-tOVYZ5aia2UzeHLtmk5zmN.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
67
I like Pakistani reporters much better than US reporters: Trump
During his meeting with Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan in the White House, US President Donald Trump asked a reporter if he is from Pakistan. He further said, "I want a couple of Pakistani reporters. I like them much better than our [US] reporters." The US President has in the past called his country's media "fake" and "dishonest".
https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefings-statements/remarks-president-trump-prime-minister-khan-islamic-republic-pakistan-bilateral-meeting/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The White House
Null
68
Literally shooting the moon: Jadhav on Chandrayaan-2 launch
Calling the successful launch of ISRO's Chandrayaan-2 a "historic achievement", India all-rounder Kedar Jadhav tweeted, "This is literally 'Shooting for the moon'." Former cricketer Sachin Tendulkar also tweeted saying, "I congratulate Team @isro on achieving yet another milestone with the launch of #Chandrayaan2!" Further, ex-India batsman, VVS Laxman called India's second Moon mission "exemplary".
Null
69
I want to be consistent like Virat Kohli in West Indies: Krunal
All-rounder Krunal Pandya, who has been selected in India's 15-member squad for the T20I series against West Indies, said, "I want to learn from Virat (Kohli) how to develop that hunger and be a consistent performer." Further, talking about MS Dhoni, Krunal said, "There is no big finisher in Indian and world cricket than Mahi bhai."
Null
70
Kalraj Mishra takes oath as Governor of Himachal Pradesh
Former Union Minister Kalraj Mishra on Monday took oath as the new Governor of Himachal Pradesh in Shimla. The 78-year-old succeeded Acharya Devvrat after Devvrat was appointed as the new Governor of Gujarat. Mishra resigned as Minister for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises in 2017 after crossing the age of 75, BJP's unofficial age limit for holding an elected post.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/kalraj-mishra-takes-oath-as-himachal-governor20190722180052/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Shimla (Himachal Pradesh) [India], July 22 (ANI): Veteran BJP leader Kalraj Mishra took oath as the new Governor of Himachal Pradesh at Raj Bhawan here on Monday.Mishra was appointed to the current post after incumbent Acharya Devvrat was transferred and appointed as the new Governor of Gujarat last week.Mishra, 78, who was in charge of the Union Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises in the first Cabinet of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had resigned in 2017 after he crossed 75 years beyond which BJP leaders are barred from occupying official posts and cannot contest elections.He was elected as an MP from Deoria in Uttar Pradesh in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, in which he had defeated BSP's Niyaj Ahmad with a margin of over 2.65 lakh votes.Earlier this year, Mishra had announced that he will not contest the 2019 general elections and will devote his time to other party responsibilities instead. (ANI)
71
Pragya Thakur pulled up by BJP over 'toilet' remark: Reports
Bhopal MP Pragya Thakur on Monday was reportedly called to the BJP headquarters in Delhi, where she was pulled up by working party chief JP Nadda over her 'toilet' remark. As per reports, Thakur was also asked to refrain from making statements that go against BJP's campaigns and ideologies. Thakur is an accused in the 2008 Malegaon bomb blast case.
Null
72
Rahul Gandhi is and will be captain of Congress: Ashok Gehlot
Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday said that Rahul Gandhi is still the captain of the Congress and will remain so in future. "[Rahul] had the guts to take on the BJP and Prime Minister Narendra Modi," said Gehlot. Gehlot refused to comment on the Congress Working Committee's decision on appointing a new chief following Rahul Gandhi's public resignation.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/rahul-gandhi-is-and-will-remain-captain-of-congress-ashok-gehlot/story-m3fAqmAPcvIrS0dbH3FngL.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
73
8 held for killing 4 over suspicion of witchcraft in Jharkhand
Eight people were arrested on Monday for killing four elderly people of three different families who allegedly practised witchcraft in Jharkhand's Gumla, police said. As per locals, 10-12 people with their faces covered, dragged the victims out of their homes and beat them to death on Sunday. "We are organising workshops to spread awareness against witchcraft," Superintendent of Police said.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/jharkhand-8-arrested-for-killing-4-for-practicising-witchcraft-in-gumla20190723044239/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Gumla (Jharkhand) [India], July 23 (ANI): Eight people were arrested on Monday in connection with the murder of four persons who allegedly practised witchcraft here in Gumla."Around 16 suspects have been identified and 8 of them were arrested. We are organizing workshops to create awareness among people against witchcraft," said Superintendent of Police (SP), Gumla, Anjani Kumar Jha.Four elderly members of three different families were brutally murdered by unidentified persons in Siskari area here in the wee hours of Sunday allegedly over their involvement in witchcraft.The deceased have been identified as Suna Uraav (65), Fagin Devi (62), Chapa Bhagat (62) and his wife Peeri Devi (60).According to the locals, 10-12 people came with their faces covered between 1 and 3 am, dragged the victims out of their houses and killed them.Jha said that police is already running campaigns on block and panchayat levels to spread awareness about the issues related to superstition and witchcraft (ANI)
74
2 brothers of martyr rifleman Aurangzeb join Army
The two younger brothers of martyred rifleman Aurangzeb joined the Army on Monday in Jammu and Kashmir's Rajouri. "After our training, we'll fight against terrorism and take revenge for our martyred brother," one of the brothers said. Martyred Aurangzeb was en route home to celebrate Eid when he was abducted and later shot dead by terrorists in June 2018.
https://www.india.com/news/india/martyr-aurangzebs-brothers-also-join-army-in-jks-rajouri-3724484/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
India.com
Srinagar: Two younger brothers of Aurangzeb, who was martyred in the line of duty, have joined the Indian Army. Mohammad Tariq and Mohammad Shabbir joined the Army during the enrolment parade of 100 new recruits at Rajouri on Monday.
Aurangzeb’s father Mohammad Hanif, himself a former soldier, said that both Tariq and Shabbir wanted to serve the nation like their brother. The two are currently undergoing training.
Aurangzeb was abducted and killed by terrorists when he was on his way home for Eid on June 14, 2018. His body was found by a team of police and Army officials at Gussu village, about 10 km from Kalampora where he was abducted.
The soldier had taken a lift from a private vehicle outside his Shopian camp but was being tracked by terrorists who stopped the car and abducted him. He was posted with 44 Rashtriya Rifles camp at Shadimarg in Shopian.
Aurangzeb was awarded the Shaurya Chakra posthumously.
75
11 CBI raids in WB, Bihar, Tripura, Delhi in chit fund case
The CBI on Monday conducted raids in 11 places in West Bengal, Bihar's Patna, Tripura's Agartala and New Delhi as part of its ongoing probe in the chit fund case. Searches were conducted in connection with a case registered against Partha Chakraborty and others of Chakra Infrastructure Ltd over the allegations of cheating people of ₹87 crore.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/cbi-conducts-raids-at-11-places-in-wb-bihar-tripura-delhi-in-chit-fund-case20190722212607/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
New Delhi [India], July 22 (ANI): The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Monday conducted searches at 11 different places in West Bengal, Bihar, Tripura and Delhi as part of its ongoing probe into a chit fund case.The searches were carried out in the district of North 24 Parganas in West Bengal, Patna and  Agartala besides Delhi. During the searches, incriminating documents were seized, a CBI statement said.The raids were carried out in connection with the case registered against Partha Chakraborti and others of Chakra Infrastructure Ltd over allegations of cheating people to the tune of Rs 87 crore."It was alleged that the accused persons collected huge amounts as deposits from the public on assurance to repay the amounts with a high rate of interest. But, the accused persons did not repay and closed down the offices and thereby cheated the investors and misappropriated the public money invested by depositors," the agency said. (ANI)
76
Gold prices hit all-time high of ₹35,970, silver rates rise
Gold prices on Monday touched an all-time high with rates in Delhi rising by ₹100 to reach ₹35,970 per 10 gram gold of 99.9% purity, according to the All India Sarafa Association. The rise was driven by strong demand from local jewellers. Meanwhile, silver prices increased by ₹260 reaching ₹41,960 per kg on fresh demand from industrial units and coinmakers.
https://www.livemint.com/market/commodities/gold-prices-today-hit-all-time-high-silver-rates-surge-1563773445191.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
77
SBI restores net banking, YONO app after temporary glitch
The State Bank of India (SBI) on Monday evening said it has restored its online banking portal and mobile banking app YONO, which were down since morning after a temporary glitch. Several users took to Twitter to complain that they were unable to carry out transactions on the platforms. SBI responded, "Our services have resumed. We apologise for the inconvenience."
https://www.timesnownews.com/business-economy/companies/article/state-bank-of-india-website-yono-app-restored-after-temporary-glitch/457363?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
New Delhi: State Bank of India (SBI), the country's biggest bank's online portal has now been restored following a temporary glitch. It is reported that the portal was down since today's (July 22) morning. The customers were not able to carry out transactions through its online portal. Along with this, the bank's YONO app users were also affected. 
Many SBI customers took to the micro-blogging website Twitter, notifying about the glitch. YONO app users were also unable to access their accounts. When the users tried to repeat the log-in, the app extended the waiting period. The bank's website pages were also not loading. Users have flooded the SBI's twitter account with complaints along with the screenshots of the same.

While accessing the website and YONO app, users received message reading, "We are having a technical issue, please try again late." One of the users wrote, " @TheOfficialSBI online net banking, UPI id network issue, technical issue is now. Any of payment have failed pls solve these problems now."


The other user tweeted as saying, "Unable to login corporate net banking @TheOfficialSBI Please help. https://corp.onlinesbi.com/corpuser/login.htm." He shared a screenshot which read, "Hmm, We're having trouble finding that site. We can't connect to the server at corp.onlinesbi.com. If that address is correct, here are three other things you can try: (i) Try gain later (ii) Check your network connection (iii) If you are connected behind a firewall, check that Firefox has permission to access the Web." 

However, the moment SBI's website restored, the Bank started replying individually to users on Twitter with a reply, "Dear Customer, we regret the inconvenience caused. We are working on it and will be back soon. Thanks for bearing with us." 
State Bank of India has a large customer base which rely on its internet-based banking services. SBI's YONO app offers online banking and other online services to the customers.
 
78
Fan shares Akshay's autographed picture from 1997, actor responds
Akshay Kumar has responded to a fan who shared an autographed picture of the actor that he had sent to the fan in 1997. "I had sent you the appreciation letter, and in return you sent me this photo. Hope you [remember] it," the fan wrote. "Of course I do...good old days of fan mail," Akshay replied.
https://twitter.com/akshaykumar/status/1153198714195890176?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1153198714195890176&utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ndtv.com%2Fentertainment%2Fakshay-kumars-response-to-fan-who-dug-out-his-autographed-pic-from-20-years-ago-2073366&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
79
I will fix Pakistan cricket team, remember my words: Pak PM Imran
Pakistan PM Imran Khan, while addressing a gathering of Pakistanis in US' Washington, said that he has decided to fix the Pakistan cricket team. "We'll fix the system and bring one in which best talent comes forward," he added. "The team you see in next World Cup, remember my words, that team will be a professional team," he further said.
https://www.cricketcountry.com/news/have-started-working-on-developing-the-best-cricket-team-of-the-world-pakistan-pm-imran-khan-871224?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Cricket Country
Null
80
Lasith Malinga to end his 15-year ODI career on July 26
Fast bowler Lasith Malinga will retire from ODI cricket after Sri Lanka's first ODI of the three-match series against Bangladesh on July 26. The 35-year-old, who made his ODI debut on July 17, 2004, has taken 335 wickets in 225 ODIs. Only Muttiah Muralitharan (523) and Chaminda Vaas (399) have taken more wickets than Malinga in ODIs for Sri Lanka.
https://www.cricketcountry.com/news/sri-lanka-vs-bangladesh-2019-lasith-malinga-to-retire-from-odis-after-first-match-against-bangladesh-871284?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Cricket Country
Null
81
No point of having Saha around if Pant is keeper in Tests: Bhogle
Talking about inclusion of both Rishabh Pant and Wriddhiman Saha in Test squad for West Indies tour, commentator Harsha Bhogle tweeted, "I hope selectors make it clear who the no. 1 keeper is." "Saha is clearly the better keeper...but if Pant's the keeper they want to go with, there's little to be gained by having Saha hanging around," he added.
https://twitter.com/bhogleharsha/status/1152870539024687106?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
82
'Anti-competitive' legal action: Pine Labs on Innoviti's lawsuit
Payment solutions provider Pine Labs on Monday said it'll appear before the District Court in Bengaluru to refute allegations of patent infringement levelled by competitor Innoviti. "We'll defend against such frivolous and anti-competitive legal actions," Pine Labs said. Innoviti alleged Pine Labs infringed its patent for technology enabling Unified Payments Interface at point of sale terminals.
https://yourstory.com/2019/07/pine-labs-innoviti-digital-payments-pos-infringement-suit?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
YourStory
Null
83
NASA congratulates ISRO on successful Chandrayaan-2 launch
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) on Monday congratulated the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) on the successful launch of 'Chandrayaan-2', India's second Moon mission. "We look forward to what you learn about the lunar south pole," NASA tweeted. Notably, 'Chandrayaan-2' is the world's first-ever mission aimed towards a soft landing on the Moon's south polar region.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/on-chandrayaan-2-launch-by-isro-a-message-from-nasa/story-y3c0s6UjgqzRBl9cpEpjtK.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
84
₹88 lakh robot helps fire brigade douse fire at Mumbai MTNL building
A robot worth ₹88 lakh assisted Mumbai Fire Brigade in dousing the massive fire at MTNL building on Monday from where 84 people trapped on the terrace were rescued. The remote-controlled robot, fitted with a thermal imaging camera, can identify people trapped in smoke and assist in zero visibility conditions. It can also spout 3,000 litres of water per minute.
Null
85
Trump meets Pak PM Imran Khan, offers to mediate on Kashmir issue
US President Donald Trump met Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan at the White House on Monday where he offered to 'mediate Kashmir dispute between India and Pakistan', AFP said. "If I can help, I would love to be a mediator," Trump said. Trump also said that PM Narendra Modi had asked him to help with Kashmir issue, Reuters reported.
https://www.timesnownews.com/international/article/pakistan-pm-imran-khan-meets-us-president-donald-trump/457554?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Washington DC: The United States President Donald Trump, on Monday, said that Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi had requested him to mediate in Kashmir dispute between India and Pakistan. During a meeting with visiting Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan, Trump said that he would be 'would be willing to' mediate on Kashmir issue. India was quick to refute Trump's claim as MEA spokesperson Raveesh Kumar said that no such request has been made by PM Modi to the US President.
"I was with Prime Minister Modi two weeks ago and we talked about this subject (Kashmir). And he actually said, 'would you like to be a mediator or arbitrator?' I said, 'where?' (Modi said) 'Kashmir'... Because this has been going on for many, many years. I am surprised by how long. It has been going on (for long). I think they (Indians) would like to see it resolved. I think you would like to see it resolved. And if I can help, I would love to be a mediator. It should be....we have two incredible countries that are very, very smart with very smart leadership, (and they) can't solve a problem like that. But if you would want me to mediate or arbitrate, I would be willing to do that," Trump said.
"We have seen US President Donald Trump's remarks to the press that he is ready to mediate if requested by India & Pakistan, on Kashmir issue. No such request has been made by PM Narendra Modi to US President. It has been India's consistent position that all outstanding issues with Pakistan are discussed only bilaterally. Any engagement with Pak would require an end to cross border terrorism. The Shimla Agreement&the Lahore Declaration provide the basis to resolve all issues between India and Pakistan bilaterally," MEA said.
Earlier, in response to a question on Kashmir, Imran Khan said, "Right now, you would have the prayers of over a billion people if you can mediate (on Kashmir)." 
Khan was also accompanied by Pakistan Army Chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa, Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) chief Lt Gen Faiz Hameed and Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi. The delegation was greeted by Trump when they arrived at the White House.
"The Prime Minister of Pakistan is here to showcase his vision of a 'Naya Pakistan' and to start a new era of bilateral relations. We have come with a narrative of peace and prosperity in the region," Qureshi tweeted after Khan met Trump.
Previously, Nawaz Sharif had visited the US in 2015. The relations between Pakistan and the US have remained tense over the past few years.
 
#WATCH Washington DC: Pakistan PM Imran Khan and US President Donald Trump reply to journalists when asked on Kashmir. pic.twitter.com/UM51rbsIYF
 
Staring at blacklisting under the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), when Pakistan 'detained' Jamat ud Dawa chief Hafiz Saeed, Trump had taken to Twitter and said, "After a ten-year search, the so-called “mastermind” of the Mumbai terror attacks has been arrested in Pakistan. Great pressure has been exerted over the last two years to find him!"
He had also publically hit out at Islamabad and said Pakistan has given 'us nothing but lies and deceit'. 
This story is being updated...
86
Police accidentally uses cat filter while streaming presser on murder
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police in British Columbia accidentally used a cat filter while live streaming a press conference about a murdered couple. After being alerted by social media users, the force said that the cat filter was an "automatic setting" and apologised for the error. It later uploaded an unfiltered version of the conference to its Facebook account.
https://www.aninews.in/news/world/us/canadian-police-issues-apology-over-cat-filter-gaffe-during-live-stream-of-double-murder-press-conference20190722200731/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Ottawa [Canada], July 22 (ANI): The Royal Canadian Mounted Police in British Columbia issued an apology after they mistakenly activated a cat filter during the live streaming of a news conference about a double murder case last week.As the cat filter got activated, a sergeant with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, who was addressing a group of reporters on Friday (local time), suddenly appeared on computer screens with cat ears on her head and whiskers on her face, New York Post reported.The police were giving a very serious press conference into the brutal killing of an American woman and an Australian man who was shot on the side of a highway while touring British Columbia.The cat filter had apparently been on an "automatic setting" and police said later, adding that they were working to fix the problem."Yes we are aware and addressing it as it's an automatic setting. Thank you, we will rectify and issue a video shortly," the police wrote on Twitter.A video of the news conference was later made available without the filter.Last month, politicians from Imran Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf's (PTI) party had a similar feline-filter fail while live-streaming a press conference. (ANI)
87
James Anderson can reclaim Test top spot in Ireland Test
Pacer James Anderson has a chance to reclaim the top spot in the Test bowler rankings in the upcoming one-off England-Ireland Test that will begin at Lord's from Wednesday. Anderson was overtaken by South Africa's Kagiso Rabada in November last year before Australia's Pat Cummins took the top spot. Anderson will be competing with Cummins during the upcoming Ashes series.
https://www.aninews.in/news/sports/cricket/james-anderson-will-look-to-move-back-to-top-spot20190722215605/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Dubai [UAE], July 22 (ANI): England pacer James Anderson has the chance to top the ICC bowlers Test rankings as the team is set to take Ireland in their one-off Test at Lord's on Wednesday.Anderson, who was overtaken by South Africa fast bowler Kagiso Rabada in November last year and subsequently by the present number one Pat Cummins of Australia, is ranked second and has a chance to bridge the 16-point gap in the one-off Test before featuring in a potential direct contest with Cummins in the subsequent Ashes series.Anderson's fellow England fast bowler Stuart Broad (19th) will be looking to retain a top-20 place, which he has maintained since 2009, while Moeen Ali (25th, 621 points) is only 12 points behind from his best-ever rating points achieved in August 2017.Captain Joe Root is the highest-ranked batsman on either side in sixth place while Jonny Bairstow and Jos Buttler are in 26th and 27th places, respectively.For Ireland, Kevin O'Brien's scores of 40 and 118 on debut against Pakistan and a subsequent half-century against Afghanistan have lifted him to 68th place while Gary Wilson is 140th in the batting table. Stuart Thompson is their highest-ranked bowler in 64th position with Tim Murtagh just two places behind. Boyd Rankin, who played one Test for England in 2014, would be looking to improve his 106th position.In the ICC Test Team Rankings, England will remain in the fourth position with 105 points if they win the match but will go down to 104 in case of a draw and to 102 if they suffer a loss. Ireland will gain 13 points with a draw and 30 if they win, but will still need to play another five matches for a full ranking. (ANI)
88
Harbhajan Singh trolls Pakistan after Chandrayaan-2 launch
Veteran Indian off-spinner Harbhajan Singh mocked Pakistan after ISRO successfully launched Chandrayaan-2 on Monday. The 39-year-old tweeted emojis of flags of several countries including Pakistan, writing, "Some countries have moon on their flags," and followed them with emojis of flags of USA, Russia, India and China, writing, "While some countries having their flags on moon."
https://twitter.com/harbhajan_singh/status/1153285610599092224?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1153285610599092224&utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Findianexpress.com%2Farticle%2Fsports%2Fcricket%2Fcricket-fraternity-lauds-isro-as-it-successfully-launches-chandrayaan-2%2F&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
89
I find it quite fascinating: Tim Paine on concussion rule
Australia Test captain Tim Paine has called the concussion substitute rule which will come into effect in international cricket from August 1 "quite fascinating". "You can replace a guy halfway through a game. It's going to be interesting," the 34-year-old added. Notably, Cricket Australia had become the first cricket governing body to adopt concussion substitutes in 2016.
https://www.cricket.com.au/news/concussion-substitutes-subs-icc-test-cricket-ashes-tim-paine-australia-england/2019-07-22?fbclid=IwAR1mSzVMk-jQpDQg-6sLW97nxjEUGb7HJZp1CPmSLkorjozzy8injJLxSMo&utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Cricket Australia
Null
90
Shane Warne reveals his Aus XI, Eng XI ahead of Ashes 1st Test
Former Australia leg spinner Shane Warne has revealed his Australia and England elevens ahead of the sides' first Ashes Test which starts on August 1. Warne included Travis Head, Matthew Wade and James Pattinson in his Australia eleven while choosing Zak Crawley and Ben Foakes in his England eleven for the first Test.
https://www.aninews.in/news/sports/cricket/shane-warne-picks-ashes-squad20190722180304/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
New Delhi [India], July 22 (ANI): Former Australia cricketer Shane Warne on Monday named his squads for the upcoming first Ashes Test, beginning August 1.Warne in a tweet revealed his Australian team. His playing XI includes David Warner, Marcus Harris, Usman Khawaja, Steve Smith, Travis Head, Matthew Wade, Tim Paine, James Pattinson, Pat Cummins, Nathan Lyon, Mitchell Starc or Josh Hazlewood.The 49-year-old added Alex Carey, Jhye Richardson, Cameron Bancroft, Mitchell Marsh and Will Pucovski in the squad.Warne also named his 12-man England squad. The list includes Jason Roy, Zak Crawley, Jonny Bairstow, Joe Root, Ben Stokes, Jos Buttler, Ben Foakes, Moeen Ali, Jofra Archer, Stuart Broad, James Aderson, and Mark Wood.The Australian legend said that had another batsman was scoring big then he would have selected him and allowed Buttler to keep. Warner added that Foakes is a good option and the 12th man can be decided based on conditions.England will host Australia for the Ashes series, which is set to take place from August 1 to September 16. (ANI)
91
Smith is always on mission, hits a million balls daily: Paine
Australia Test captain Tim Paine has praised ex-captain Steve Smith ahead of the Ashes, saying, "Smith is always on a mission. He's hit a million balls and our coach's arm is falling off already." Paine added that one doesn't become "one of the best players in the world" without having a mission. The Ashes series will begin on August 1.
https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/article/steve-smith-raring-to-go-usman-khawaja-expected-to-be-fit-for-ashes-opener/457290?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Sixteen months after leaving test cricket in disgrace over the ball-tampering furore, Steve Smith's preparations for the Ashes have gone up to a manic level as the former skipper looks to return to red-ball cricket in top form. Australia captain Tim Paine said former skipper Smith had given batting coach Graeme Hick long and taxing work-outs in the nets as he looks to hone his formidable game ahead of the Ashes opener in Edgbaston on Aug. 1.
Renowned for his obsessive approach to training, Smith is back in the Test squad along with David Warner and Cameron Bancroft, the other two players hit with long bans for their involvement in the Cape Town scandal in March 2018. "You don't become one of the best players in the world and average 60 in test cricket if you don't have some sort of a mission," Paine told reporters of Smith at the team's training base in Southampton.
"The boys have been having a bit of a laugh the last couple of days because nothing's changed - he's hit a million balls and our coach's arm is falling off already on day two of the trip. "It's great to see that him, and David (Warner) and Cameron Bancroft have come back in and fitted perfectly in our group.
"They are guys who have always trained at exceptionally high standards and set the standard for others. "The three of them have been outstanding since they've been back and involved."
Australia is bidding to retain the urn and erase the disappointment of their one-day World Cup campaign, which ended in the semi-finals at the hands of hosts and eventual champions England. Australia will play a four-day intra-squad match starting on Tuesday, with two sides padded out by Australia A players.
With the final Ashes squad to be named after, Paine said it would be no gentle hit in the park. "Both sides will be looking to win and both sides will have individual players wanting to do really well to press their final case for Ashes selection," he said. "At the moment it's a fair dinkum game of cricket and that's been made really clear.
"We're looking at it as a real opportunity to test each other's skills so when we get to the first test we know exactly where we're at and everyone's had a perfect preparation, and everyone's been put on the pressure."
Top-order batsman Usman Khawaja, who suffered a hamstring strain during the World Cup semi-final, is being rested for the unofficial match but Paine said he was expected to be fully fit and available for selection for Edgbaston.
"I don't think he's in serious doubt (for the test)," Paine said. "He's in a rehab stage so the decision has been made that he won't play at this stage. "There is a possibility, maybe, if something were to happen to someone else he might be right for the back end of the (practice) game."
92
Looked up at moon as child, wondering what it's hiding: Gambhir
Reacting to ISRO Chandrayaan-2's successful launch on Monday, cricketer-turned-politician Gautam Gambhir wrote, "I always looked up at the moon as a child, wondering what secrets it's hiding." "What a beautiful sight. Proud moment for the nation," wrote former cricketer Mohammad Kaif, while Suresh Raina wrote, "This is HISTORIC! Propelling a billion dreams into the sky."
Null
93
Yuvraj Singh trolls Ganguly after Brian Lara asks him 'what's dadagiri?'
Yuvraj Singh trolled Sourav Ganguly after former West Indies captain Brian Lara commented on the former India captain's picture on Instagram asking, "What's Dadagiri?" Ganguly explained to Lara that Dadagiri is a reality game show he has been hosting for last seven years. Yuvraj mocked Ganguly, writing, "Basically he is a bully, he bullies youngsters."
https://www.crictracker.com/yuvraj-singh-trolls-sourav-ganguly-after-brian-lara-wants-to-know-meaning-of-dadagiri/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
CricTracker
For an entire generation of cricketers in India, Sourav Ganguly has been a trend-setter. The former India captain is fondly called “Dada” which means elder brother in Bengali and he even anchors a popular reality quiz show in Bengali by the same name. The show is going on for some years now and it gives the common people a golden opportunity to meet the iconic former cricketer.
Meanwhile, former West Indies captain Brian Lara has a question after the 47-year-old Ganguly had posted a picture on Twitter announcing the start of the eighth season of ‘Dadagiri’. Lara, who recently was hospitalized in Mumbai because of chest pain while carrying out the duty related to the Cricket World Cup, asked Ganguly what ‘Dadagiri’ is.
Advertisement

Ganguly then replied to Lara explaining to him that his reality game show on TV is called ‘Dadagiri’ and also asked him about his well-being and location nowadays. “champ it’s a reality game show I am hosting for last 7 years. how r u.. where r u,” Ganguly replied to Lara, also a former southpaw.
It was at this time that another ex-cricketer Yuvraj Singh joined the party. Known to be close with Ganguly under whose captaincy he had made his international debut, Yuvraj decided to come up with the meaning of ‘Dadagiri’. Explaining the term further, he trolled his former skipper, saying, “Basically he’s a bully he bullies youngsters” and he followed it up with two naughty emojis. By ‘Dadagiri’, the cricketing world also knows the macho leadership that Ganguly and his side had shown on the ground irrespective of the opponents.
Yuvraj had made his debut under Ganguly in the ICC Champions Trophy in Kenya in 2000 and went on to play for India for a long time, even surviving cancer. In the 2011 World Cup that India won, Yuvraj finished as the man of the tournament. He had also played the final of the 2003 World Cup when Ganguly was India’s captain but they lost on that occasion to Australia. The stylish left-handed recently announced his international retirement.

94
Harmeet, Ayhika win gold in Commonwealth TT C'ship 2019
Indian table tennis players Harmeet Desai and Ayhika Mukherjee won the men's and women's singles titles at the 21st Commonwealth Table Tennis Championships at Cuttack on Monday. India topped the medal tally with seven gold medals, five silver medals and three bronze medals, finishing ahead of England, who won two silver medals and three bronze medals.
https://www.aninews.in/news/sports/others/commonwealth-tt-cship-harmeet-ayhika-win-gold20190722211134/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Cuttack (Odisha) [India], July 22 (ANI): Harmeet Desai and Ayhika Mukherjee bagged men's single and women's single gold respectively in the 21st Commonwealth Table Tennis Championships, which concluded at the Jawaharlal Nehru Indoor Stadium here on Monday.But the best thing which marked the championship was that no individual could replicate the gold-winning performance in other events.Indeed, no one deserved to lose the men's singles final, but Desai deserved more to win the title. After being in arrears (0-2), he brought out the best in a crunch situation to outwit favourites Sathiyan.A particular rally in the fourth game which brought a winning point to Desai must have been really demoralising for Sathiyan.Equally important was the win by Surat boy in the next which kept lingering until he sealed it 17-15. No doubt, Sathiyan made it 3-3 after trailing for the first time, but Gujarat lad played a great game to wrap it up in the decider.Earlier, Sathiyan and Sharath Kamal failed to counter the fury of Anthony Amalraj and Manav Thakkar, who claimed the men doubles gold, downing the top pair 3-1 after the Indians had banished the Singapore and England pairs, respectively, in the semifinals.In women singles, Ayhika Mukherjee seized the great opportunity to win her maiden gold in the championships when she blanked out Madurika Patkar 4-0.Madhurika, who was absolutely inert at least in the first three games despite her attaching posture. But Ayhika was clever enough to take pace off the ball, forcing her opponent to make all mistakes. The former national champion showed a glimpse of a fightback but Ayhika, after frittering away three match-points, won the fourth for a well-deserved victory.In fact, Madhurika also had some harrowing moments in the semifinal against Sreeja Akula. The little girl from Telangana matched Madhurika's stroke, but could not do against the experience of her rival, particularly in the extended fifth game as Madhurika won 4-1 to seal her place. In the adjacent table, Ayhika put it across Ho Tin-Tin of England after dropping her third game to win by an identical margin.In women doubles, Pooja Sahasrabudhe and Krittwika Sinha Roy defeated the other Indian pair of Sreeja Akula and Mousumi Paul 3-1. The pair had, in the semifinals, beaten Singapore duo of Goi Rui Xuan and Wong Xin Ru in straight games, while Sreeja and Mousumi defeated the third Indian pair of Sutirtha Mukherjee and Ayhika Mukherjee, also by a 3-0 verdict.The domination of our paddlers at the championships could be gauged from the fact that all finals today featured only the Indians, making it more of a national event than an international one. In the final analysis, India won seven gold--the best ever haul--five silver and three bronze medals to be the table toppers. (ANI)
95
Apple to launch iPhones with gaming-centric displays in 2020: Report
Apple is reportedly considering a gaming-centric switchable 60Hz/120Hz refresh rate screen for its 2020 line-up of iPhones. The company is said to be in discussions with Samsung and LG for the screens. Notably, all of Apple's 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch iPads released since 2017 have ultra-fast refresh rates.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/tech/gamers-on-mind-apple-iphone-2020-to-reportedly-offer-120hz-screens/story-D4MxYBpbeMc7FbXDKIBRyK.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
96
My ancestors are not rishis: Kanimozhi on BJP MP's remark
DMK MP Kanimozhi in the Lok Sabha rejected BJP MP Satya Pal Singh's claim of humans evolving from sages saying, her ancestors are not rishis. "My ancestors are homo sapiens, as science says, and my parents are shudras," Kanimozhi said. Kanimozhi further said, "They were not even born of any god, or part of any god. They were born outside."
https://www.thequint.com/news/india/kanimozhi-on-bjp-satyalpal-singh-dismissal-of-darwin-theory?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Quint
A discussion on the Protection of Human Rights (Amendment) Bill, 2019, took a bizarre turn in the Lok Sabha on Friday, 19 July, after BJP MP Satypal Singh attempted to disprove Charles Darwin's theory of evolution in Parliament.
The former Mumbai police chief dismissed the 'man evolved from ape' theory and instead dished out his own, based on what he claims to be 'culture'.
Also Read : Beyond Evolution, About Charles Darwin & His ‘Fool’s Experiments’
Singh made this statement while he was arguing that human rights was a foreign concept imported from the West. He claimed that Indian culture did not give importance to this issue and that the writers of the Constitution was inspired by the American Constitution when it came to fundamental rights.
When he was Minister of State for Human Resource Development in 2018, he proposed that the theory of evolution must be changed in school and college curriculums.
Also Read : No Takers for a Jeans-Clad Bride: Union Minister Satyapal Singh
“Darwin’s theory (of evolution of humans) is scientifically wrong. It needs to change in school and college curriculum. Since the man is seen on Earth he has always been a man,” he had then told the media. “Nobody, including our ancestors, in written or oral, have said they saw an ape turning into a man," he argued.
DMK MP Kanimozhi, with a wry smile on her face, said:
Trinamool Congress’s Saugata Roy too registered his objection to the statement and pointed out that Singh was violating the Constitution, which “says that it shall be the duty of every citizen of India to develop scientific temper, humanism and the spirit of inquiry and reform”.
On Friday, the lower house passed the bill, which sought to amend the composition of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and the state human rights commissions. The Bill amends the Protection of Human Rights Act 1993 to provide that a person who has been Chief Justice of India or an SC judge will be the chairperson of NHRC.
(This was first published on The News Minute and has been republished with permission.)
(The Quint will no longer be on WhatsApp, owing to changes in its policies regarding news publishers. You can now get the latest news updates on our Telegram channel. For handpicked stories every day, subscribe to us on Telegram.)
97
Will give ₹10L each to all 2,000 families in native village: KCR
Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao on Monday announced that the state government would give ₹10 lakh each to the 2,000 families residing in his native village Chintamadaka. Rao said that the families could use the money to purchase tractors, harvesting machines and farmlands. The TRS chief also sanctioned funds for sanitation, roads, temples and other civic amenities.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/telangana-kcr-announces-rs-10-lakh-each-to-2000-families-of-his-native-village20190722172729/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Siddipet (Telangana) [India], July 22 (ANI): Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao on Monday announced that the state government would give Rs 10 lakh to each of 2,000 families residing in his native Chintamadaka village in the district.
"I have taken birth in Chintamadaka village of Siddipet district. I owe to the people of Chinthamadaka village. I am announcing today that every family in Chintamadaka village will get Rs 10 lakh from the government and they can purchase anything from Rs 10 lakh," he said while speaking at a programme in his native village.
"The people of Chintamadaka can purchase things like tractors, farmlands, harvesting machines. All the 2,000 families in this village will be benefitted with this scheme," the Chief Minister said.
The Chief Minister's announcement will cost Rs 200 crore to the government exchequer. "I will sanction the amount immediately," he said. (ANI)
98
Congress credits Nehru, Manmohan for Chandrayaan-2 launch
After the successful launch of Chandrayaan-2, Congress praised the contributions of former Prime Ministers Jawaharlal Nehru and Manmohan Singh in a tweet. Nehru had funded space research by setting up INCOSPAR in 1962 and Singh had sanctioned the Chandrayaan-2 project in 2008, the tweet read. The tweet was criticised by BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra for attempting to politicise the issue.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/politics/indias-tryst-with-destiny-continues-cong-greets-isro-for-chandrayaan-2-praises-nehru-manmohan20190722175452/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
New Delhi [India], July 22 (ANI): As the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) successfully launched the Chandrayaan-2 mission, the Congress party on Monday credited the country's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru for his "visionary move" to fund space research through setting up of INCOSPAR.The party in a tweet also recalled that the Chandrayaan-2 mission was sanctioned by the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in 2008 during the UPA government."This is a good time to remember the visionary move of India's first PM Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru to fund space research through INCOSPAR in1962 which later became ISRO. And also Dr. Manmohan Singh for sanctioning the Chandrayan2 project in 2008," the party said tweeting a picture of the first Prime Minister with legendary scientist Vikram Sarabhai.Congratulating ISRO for the successful launch, the party said in another tweet, "Congratulations Team @isro for the successful launch of Chandryaan2."Indian National Committee for Space Research (INCOSPAR) was set up by the Government of India in 1962. ISRO formed in 1969, superseded the erstwhile INCOSPAR.  Congress chief spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala also expressed gratitude to scientists and engineers of ISRO for the successful launch of the moon mission."India's 'Tryst With Destiny' continues with the successful launch of Chandraayan2. There are defining moments like these that make us a great nation. My gratitude to all scientists and space engineers at @isro who have toiled day & night to make 130 Cr Indians proud!" he said in a tweet.Hours before the mission was launched, the Congress spokesperson had expressed confidence that it would be successful."The Moon Awaits India! 11 years after India's First Lunar Mission, 'Chandrayaan-1', we embark on a newer journey to the Moon! Chandrayaan2 would also be extremely successful! My best wishes to the scientists and space engineers at @isro for a successful 'Moon Mission'," he had said in his tweet.Chandrayaan-2 was launched from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikota in Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh on Monday afternoon.The spacecraft took off at 2.43 pm, exactly a week after the mission was aborted after a technical snag was detected less than an hour before the launch.Chandrayaan-2 will explore a region of Moon where no mission has ever set foot. The spacecraft consists of an orbiter, a lander, and a rover together referred to as "composite body".The probe's total mass is 3.8 ton and is expected to land on the Moon's south polar region on September 6 or 7 this year.It will be the first Indian expedition to attempt a soft landing on the lunar surface. This mission will make India the fourth country after the US, Russia, and China to carry out a soft landing on Moon. (ANI)
99
E-rickshaw provider SmartE raises ₹100 crore from Japan's Mitsui
Electric rickshaw provider SmartE has raised ₹100 crore in Series B funding from Japanese conglomerate Mitsui & Co. SmartE operates a fleet of more than 1,000 e-rickshaws in Delhi-NCR. Founded in 2015, SmartE provides rides in all-electric vehicles to the first and last-mile transportation opportunity in urban cities.
https://inc42.com/buzz/smarte-raises-series-b-funding-from-japans-mitsuo-and-co/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Inc42
Null
100
Death toll in Bihar floods rises to 102; 72 lakh affected
Five more people were killed in the Bihar floods raising the death toll to 102 on Sunday, with over 72 lakh affected in 12 districts, Bihar's Disaster Management Department said. Nearly 1.15 lakh people have taken shelter in 133 relief centres set up across the districts. As many as 776 community kitchens are being run to feed the affected population.
https://www.thequint.com/news/hot-news/floods-wreak-havoc-in-bihar-death-toll-reaches-102?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Quint
(This story was auto-published from a syndicated feed. No part of the story has been edited by The Quint.)
101
Man dies in police custody in UP; sub-inspector suspended
A 20-year-old man died in police custody in Uttar Pradesh, following which a sub-inspector was suspended, police said on Monday. The deceased fell ill and was taken to the prison hospital but rushed to the district hospital when his condition worsened, where he was declared brought dead. Postmortem revealed he had 17 internal injuries and his liver was badly damaged.
http://www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2019/jul/22/man-dies-in-police-custody-cop-suspended-in-uttar-pradesh-2007655.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The New Indian Express
MAINPURI: A 20-year-old man who was arrested on charges of illicit liquor trade allegedly died in police custody here, following which a sub-inspector was suspended, an official said Monday.
Chotu alias Vinay and his brother were arrested by the Kishni Police on Saturday in connection with alleged illicit liquor trade, he said.
On Sunday, they were sent to jail where Chotu fell ill and was taken to the prison hospital.
When his condition deteriorated, he was rushed to the district hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.
Claiming that the two men were innocent, the family members of the deceased said Chotu was "tortured" by police at Mainpuri Kotwali and in jail.
According to the postmortem report, the deceased had suffered 17 internal injuries and the liver was badly damaged.
Based on a complaint lodged by Chotu's uncle Tilak Singh, an FIR was registered against Sub-Inspector Sohanpal Singh of Kotwali and the jail administration, SP Ajay Shanker Rai said.
The sub-inspector was suspended and investigations were underway to ascertain the facts about the incident, and all those found guilty would be punished, he added.
 
102
This year's Amarnath Yatra to conclude on August 15
This year's Amarnath Yatra is set to conclude on August 15, coinciding with Raksha Bandhan, Shravan Purnima and the Independence Day. Till Sunday evening, as many as 2.72 lakh pilgrims had paid obeisance at the shrine. Officials revealed that the fresh batch comprising 3,178 pilgrims left in a convoy of 128 vehicles early on Monday.
http://www.newsonair.com/News?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&id=368935&title=Amarnath-Yatra-2019%3A-ITBP-initiates-mid-Yatra-sanitation-cum-awareness-campaign&utm_source=inshorts
AIR
Null
103
Kotak Mahindra Bank profit rises 32.7% to ₹1,360 crore in Q1
Kotak Mahindra Bank on Monday reported a 32.71% rise in its first-quarter profit at ₹1,360.2 crore from ₹1,024.94 crore in the year-ago period, slightly missing market estimates. The rise was driven by lower provisions and contingencies, which fell 32.55% year-on-year to ₹316.8 crore in June quarter. Its gross bad-loan ratio was 2.19% in June, from 2.14% in the previous quarter.
https://in.reuters.com/article/kotak-mah-bk-results/kotak-mahindra-bank-first-quarter-profit-slightly-misses-estimates-idINKCN1UH1CD?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
104
SC puts sale of Essar Steel to ArcelorMittal on hold
The Supreme Court on Monday ordered status quo in debt-laden Essar Steel's insolvency case, on a plea by its creditors against NCLAT's order approving ArcelorMittal's ₹42,000-crore acquisition bid. The NCLAT had made changes in the distribution of claims from the bid amount between creditors. The SC ruled that NCLAT can't act like a resolution professional and distribute funds.
https://www.bloombergquint.com/business/essar-steel-insolvency-case-supreme-court-puts-essar-steel-sale-to-arcelormittal-on-hold?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
BloombergQuint
Null
105
Problem is people glorifying flawed characters: Taapsee on Kabir Singh
Actress Taapsee Pannu, while speaking about Shahid Kapoor starrer 'Kabir Singh' allegedly glorifying misogyny, said, "The problem is not showing flawed characters...The problem is when you glorify them and make what they are doing seem heroic." "This character is so revered that whatever he does is not just accepted, it is celebrated," she added.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/taapsee-pannu-on-shahid-kapoor-s-kabir-singh-problem-is-not-flawed-characters-problem-is-when-you-glorify-them/story-FC9g6o4y1eW6VbbRE73swL.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
106
My films may not have worked, but acting wasn't criticised: Sonakshi
Actress Sonakshi Sinha has said her films may not have worked, but her performance in the films was never criticised. "I have always been appreciated for my performance which makes me happy and that is the validation that I need," she added. Sonakshi further said she never craved for box-office numbers.
https://www.pinkvilla.com/entertainment/news/sonakshi-sinha-her-unsuccessful-films-they-may-not-have-worked-my-performance-was-never-panned-463182?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Pinkvilla
Null
107
People shouldn't make fun of Sardars: Diljit on their portrayal in films
Speaking about the portrayal of Sardars in Hindi films, Diljit Dosanjh said, "It is a different thing that Sardars love merrymaking and having fun, but that doesn't mean people should make fun of us." "What I feel is that whatever film I am doing, I will make sure that a Sardar character is not made fun of," he added.
Null
108
David Lloyd mocks Dhoni's decision to train with army, criticised
Ex-England cricketer David Lloyd was criticised for mocking ex-India captain MS Dhoni's decision to train with his Army regiment by commenting on a news report with laughing emojis. "If you cannot respect what you should, you better stay away. Feel sorry for this person," a user wrote. "What's the joke? Please tell us, so we can also laugh," wrote another.
https://www.crictracker.com/twitter-lashes-out-at-david-lloyd-for-laughing-at-ms-dhonis-joining-army-training/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
CricTracker
A few weeks after India found themselves out of the cricket World Cup, it is MS Dhoni who has continued to steal the headlines. The ace wicketkeeper-batsman has still not called it a day, leaving a lot of quarters shocked and surprised. While it was being speculated whether Dhoni would still find himself in the Indian limited-over squads for the upcoming tour of the West Indies starting next month, a fresh twist was seen in the tale.
The 38-year-old Dhoni informed the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) just before the team selection that he would not be available for two months since he will be serving the para regiment. Dhoni, who holds an honorary post of Lieutenant Colonel in the Parachute Regiment of the Territorial Army, was also granted permission by none other than Chief of Army Staff Bipin Rawat.
Advertisement
India chief selector MSK Prasad announced the Indian squads for the T20Is, ODIs and Tests in the Caribbean and it was Rishabh Pant who was picked as the main keeper. In the Tests, Pant was accompanied with Wriddhiman Saha, who made a comeback to the Indian side after almost a year and a half.
Meanwhile, Dhoni’s decision to join army training when the cricketing circles were busy contemplating his future saw yet another controversy. Former England cricketer and coach David Lloyd reacted to the news of Dhoni’s sabbatical with a couple of laughing emojis on the social media and he was taken on by the Indian fans who questioned what made the 72-year-old feel amused.
😂😂 https://t.co/At1jrIwint
— David 'Bumble' Lloyd (@BumbleCricket) July 20, 2019

The fans even attacked him calling him “coward” and “idiot”. Here are some of the reactions that the Twitterati came up against Lloyd, called “Bumble” as well.
Is that a nervous laugh? U coward @BumbleCricket
— Sankhadeep Saha (@sankhadeeps9) July 20, 2019

What's so funny
— Sudeswaran Gandhi (@sudeshsudhi) July 20, 2019

Wats so funny about it u idiot
— Ananthan (@ananthu6642) July 20, 2019

Lloyd maybe focus on getting your job back in the comms box rather than laughing at others pal
— Follower (@Follow3r9) July 20, 2019

Why are u laughing
— MADAMMAFIA (@ntrasr) July 20, 2019

Funny when a person who was dropped similarly on multiple occasions reacts with laughter to this.
— Sahil Panse (@sahil0909) July 22, 2019

Is that a nervous laugh? U coward @BumbleCricket
— Sankhadeep Saha (@sankhadeeps9) July 20, 2019

Our #thala is serving military since 2011 world cup, while a overrated somwhite shitt like you with no achievements in life winging & grimming about dhoni. Grow up you skimmed white shit 🖕🖕🖕🖕
— Chitti Nayudu🤙🤙 (@NayuduChitti) July 22, 2019

India will be playing three T20Is, three ODIs and two Tests against the Windies in the month-long tour. The selectors have taken a lot of new faces for the series while Virat Kohli will lead the side across the three formats. This is perhaps the first time that Dhoni will not be a part of the Indian squad in any format since making debut in 2004. He was not part of the T20I series against the West Indies and Australia last year but had played in the ODIs.

109
Twitter to give more context to 'this tweet is unavailable' notices
Twitter has said that it will soon begin providing more details on why certain tweets go unavailable in a conversation thread on the microblogging platform. The notice is usually seen due to deleted or protected tweets, or muted keywords. "The fact that the 'unavailable' message is showing with a placeholder row...is confusing. They should be hidden," Twitter's Product Lead said.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/tech/twitter-to-soon-give-context-on-unavailable-tweets/story-MrN0efnv3a62WJHsG5dcuM.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
110
I didn't eat biryani: Karnataka CM on viral pic with IMA scam accused
Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy on Monday responded to the viral picture of him with IMA scam accused Mansoor Khan, and said, "I didn't eat biryani." "I was invited during Ramzan. I went there. I didn't eat biryani...I picked only two morsels of rice," Kumaraswamy said. Earlier, Karnataka BJP shared the picture and accused Kumaraswamy of having biryani with Khan.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/i-didn-t-eat-biryani-kumaraswamy-on-photo-with-prime-accused-in-ima-scam/story-Qqkx31fV9qjksiJf0v36sJ.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
111
RTI Amendment Bill passed in Lok Sabha amid Opposition protest
The Right to Information (Amendment) Bill, 2019, proposing to give Centre the power to set tenure and salaries of Chief Information Commissioner and Information Commissioners was passed in Lok Sabha on Monday. As many as 218 members favoured the bill, while 79 were against it. The Opposition argued that the Bill will take away the independence of the RTI authorities.
http://www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2019/jul/22/rti-amendment-bill-passed-in-lok-sabha-amid-opposition-protest-2007721.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The New Indian Express
NEW DELHI:  Lok Sabha on Monday passed the bill amending the Right To Information Act, amid objections by the Opposition which alleged that it was an attempt to undermine the law and make the transparency panel a "toothless tiger".
The Right to Information (Amendment) Bill, 2019, takes away the stature of information commissioners from the equivalent of election commissioners, with their salaries and service conditions to be specified by the government.
Rejecting the opposition's charge that the Bill will weaken the Act, the government said it was fully committed to transparency and autonomy of the institution.
Replying to a debate on the Bill, Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh said the bill aims at institutionalisation, streamlining and ease of delivery of services.
Several members of opposition including from the BSP and the TMC opposed consideration and passage of the Bill and called for a division of votes.
But they were defeated by 218 -79 votes.
After this, the leader of principal opposition party Congress, Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury, sought a clarification which was disallowed by the Speaker.
Unhappy with this, members of the opposition parties staged a walkout.
The Bill was later passed by voice vote.
Pointing out that the existing legislation has certain gaps, Singh said the amendments seek to address them.
There was no provision to frame rules and this Bill will address that, he said.
"Without amending Section 27, you cannot frame rules," he said, adding, Section 12 (4) which deals with the autonomy has been left untouched.
ALSO READ | Activists slam passage of bill amending RTI Act in Lok Sabha
With regard to Section 13 (5) which deals with salaries, allowances and other terms and conditions of the service of the Chief Information Commissioner, he said the government is yet to deliberate on salaries.
He said it strengthens the overall structure and described it as enabling legislation for administration purposes.
"This government is absolutely committed to full transparency and autonomy," he said.
Leading the opposition charge during the debate on the Bill, Congress MP Shashi Tharoor said that under the proposed changes the government can hire and fire independent information commissioners.
"It is not Amendment bill but elimination bill," he said.
TheI Act was a monumental achievement for the country's democracy and it challenged the vested interests of the government, the former Union minister said.
He questioned why the Bill has been brought "without any public consultation".
"Why is the government desperate to rush through the bill? Is it because the Central Information Commission (CIC) delivered an order on the Prime Minister's educational detail," Tharoor asked.
"The Right to Information (Amendment) Bill, 2019 is a deliberate attempt to undermine the Act and make it toothless tiger like National Human Rights Commission (NHRC)," he alleged.
A Raja (DMK) said due to the proposed amendments, the Information Commissioner is going to be a "housemaid" (of the government).
Demanding withdrawal of the Bill, Congress MP Karti Chidambaram took a swipe at the government, saying it should not use its 303 MPs in the House to give a "death sentence" to the spirit of.
"I hope the government will not use '303' to massacre the spirit of. I request you to withdraw the Bill," Chidambaram said, referring to the BJP's strength in Lok Sabha.
AIMIM MP Asaduddin Owaisi was equally scathing in his criticism as he alleged that the government was "afraid of the Rs 10 request of a garib chowkidar" through which he can get information about its functioning.
Owaisi was referring to Rs 10 application through which a person can apply for.
He said the bill's aim is "Modi-fication of".
Describing the introduction of the bill in Lok Sabha as "blackest day" in the history of Parliament, RSP MP N K Premachandran said it is an insult to the House.
"The legislative supremacy of Parliament has been taken over by executive," he alleged.
Premchandran said the bill was brought in haste and not enough time was given to the MPs for studying it.
Trinamool Congress leader Saugata Roy termed the bill as "regressive".
Raghurama Krishnam Raju (YSRCP) urged the government to give clarity on the status of Chief Information Commissioner and information commissioners.
Supporting the bill, he said that the state autonomy should be retained.
Raju said that a number ofI activists have been killed and there was a need to ensure their protection.
Union Minister Jitendra Singh, however, said that the opposition is "misguiding" the people by saying that the government wants to weaken the Act by bringing the bill.
"From the beginning of its first term in 2014, the Modi government has brought transparency in governance for greater public participation," Singh said.
The government has nothing to hide and works on the principle of minimum government and maximum governance, the minister asserted.
Citing example, he said, the government has since 2014 eliminated 1,500 obsolete legislations and rules to bring ease of living.
With regard to increase in grievances, he said, it is true that it has risen to 16 lakh because people have confidence that their problems will be resolved.
With regard to pendency, he said, it has been coming down year after year.
He said it was 37,323 in 2014 which came down to 23,541 in 2017-18.
It was 30,855 at the end of June 2019, he added.
112
Videos of Sonbhadra massacre surface, hundreds seen fighting with sticks
Two videos of the Sonbhadra massacre that left 10 tribals dead and around 28 injured on July 17 have surfaced online. In the videos, hundreds of people can be seen fighting with sticks. A group led by village headman Yagya Dutt can be seen attacking the tribals with sticks and guns. A group of women can be seen mourning deaths.
https://www.timesnownews.com/videos/times-now/india/sonbhadra-massacre-videos-accessed-10-people-killed-in-10-minutes/37121?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Null
113
Scientists are our new celebrities: Mahindra on Chandrayaan-2 launch
After ISRO's successful launch of India's second Moon mission Chandrayaan-2, Mahindra Group Chairman Anand Mahindra tweeted, "Was waiting to see the ISRO folks hug each other before breathing normally again!" "I stand & salute our scientists. They are deservedly our new celebrities," he added. He called the mission a "validation of our cryogenic technology" and a "technological breakthrough".
https://twitter.com/anandmahindra/status/1153240881144557574?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
114
Govt panel recommends ban on private cryptocurrencies
An inter-ministerial government committee on Monday recommended a ban on private cryptocurrencies and imposing fines and penalties on activities related to digital currencies. The panel cited "risks associated and volatility in the prices of private cryptocurrencies". This comes a day after MoS for Finance Anurag Thakur denied that government was considering a blanket ban on cryptocurrencies.
https://inc42.com/buzz/its-official-india-govt-committee-recommends-ban-on-cryptocurrency/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Inc42
Null
115
3 held for thrashing national level shooter in UP's Baghpat
Three persons were arrested for thrashing Devansh Rana, a national level shooter, in Uttar Pradesh's Baghpat, police said. The player said that the accused started beating him when he was out for some work, saying he had threatened their friend. The player's father said that he learnt about the incident through the incident's viral video and then registered an FIR.
https://www.thequint.com/news/india/men-arrested-for-thrashing-national-level-shooter-devansh-rana-in-up?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Quint
Police have arrested three men from Uttar Pradesh’s Baghpat, after a viral video posted online showed four men beating national level shooter Devansh Rana.
The incident took place on Sunday, 21 July. The accused shot the video of it and posted it on social media, reported ANI.
The reported quoted Rana as saying,
Devansh’s father got to know about the incident only after the video went viral.
While three of the accused have been arrested, the police is on the lookout for the fourth man.
(With Inputs from ANI)
Also Read : Youth From Uttar Pradesh  Help Elderly Access Government Benefits
(The Quint will no longer be on WhatsApp, owing to changes in its policies regarding news publishers. You can now get the latest news updates on our Telegram channel. For handpicked stories every day, subscribe to us on Telegram.)
116
England's World Cup win was written in the stars: Buttler
England wicket-keeper Jos Buttler said England's World Cup title win was 'written in the stars'. "What was scaring me was if we lost, I didn't know how I'd play cricket again. This was such a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, a World Cup final at Lord's," Buttler revealed. England won the title by beating New Zealand based on the number of boundaries hit.
Null
117
Adam Peaty wins 100m breaststroke world title for 3rd time
British swimmer Adam Peaty has won the 100m breaststroke world title for the third time with his victory at the World Aquatics Championships in Gwangju, South Korea. Peaty's compatriot James Wilby finished in the second spot while Yan Zibei of China ended in the third place. Notably, Wilby's silver medal is his first World Championship medal.
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/othersports/article-7272585/Swimming-news-Adam-Peaty-lands-100m-breaststroke-world-title-time-South-Korea.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Daily Mail
Adam Peaty's constant desire to take his sport even further into new territory fuelled the fire for Tokyo 2020 after he raced to a British one-two with James Wilby in the 100m breaststroke at the World Championships in Gwangju, South Korea.
Twenty-four hours after 'Project 56' was realised when he became the first swimmer to dip under 57 seconds, Peaty became the first man to claim a third successive world title over two lengths in 57.14sec, the fourth-fastest time in history.
Wilby set a personal best of 58.46 to move third equal in history alongside 2012 Olympic champion Cameron van der Burgh. 
Adam Peaty (C) celebrates winning the 100m breaststroke world title along with silver medalist James Wilby (L) and Yan Zibei who took bronze for China
Peaty's triumph ensures he has won the 100m breaststroke title for a third consecutive time 
There was, though, a tinge of disappointment for Peaty who turned at halfway on world-record pace.
He said: 'It's still a 57.1 which is about a second and a half faster than the rest. Very happy, but with that constant expectation I put on myself there is a bit of disappointment. 
'That will fuel me for next year because I know how bad I want to go 56, and I know how to do it.'
The Brit celebrates in the pool after cruising to victory in the final held in South Korea
Peaty shakes hands with Zibei following his comfortable triumph in Gwangiu
 
118
Australian swimmer Horton refuses to join China's Yang on podium
Australian swimmer Mack Horton, who in the past labelled his Chinese rival Sun Yang as a "drug cheat", refused to take the podium with Yang at the World Aquatics Championships in South Korea on Sunday. Horton, who finished second behind Yang in 400m freestyle, had also declined to shake hands with Yang or pose for photos with him.
https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2019/jul/22/mack-horton-accused-of-disrespecting-china-after-protesting-sun-yangs-win?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Guardian
Australia’s Mack Horton received a standing ovation at the athletes’ village after protesting against controversial Chinese star Sun Yang’s 400m freestyle win at the world swimming titles. American breaststroke champion Lilly King revealed Horton was greeted with applause from fellow competitors when he returned from the pool after refusing to acknowledge Sun on Sunday night.
Olympic champion Horton did not shake hands with his bitter rival after being relegated to 400m silver by Sun and refused to join him on the podium on the titles’ opening night at Gwangju, South Korea. The controversy almost overshadowed a golden first night for Australia with Ariarne Titmus upsetting American great Katie Ledecky in the 400m freestyle and the women’s 4x100m freestyle relay team triumphing.
Horton was unhappy that Sun, who served a 2014 doping ban, had been allowed to compete ahead of a Court of Arbitration for Sport hearing in September that may end the Chinese star’s career. The 10-time world champion has been accused of smashing vials of his blood with a hammer during a clash last year with testers and faces a lifetime ban if found guilty.
“We were kind of waiting around for that awards ceremony to see what was going to happen and yeah it was awesome,” two-time Olympic gold medallist King said. “When we walked into the dining hall, he walked in after us and like the whole dining hall erupted in applause so it was pretty great to see the athletes united on his stance and supporting him as well. I don’t think anyone at FINA’s going to stand up for the athletes so the athletes have to stand up for themselves.”
Australian officials spoke with world body FINA on Sunday night and were assured Horton did not face any sanction over his protest. But Sun, who claimed a fourth straight 400m world title, said Horton’s stance was disrespectful to China. “It was unfortunate because disrespecting me is OK but disrespecting China was very unfortunate and I felt sorry about that,” he said.
The Australian team’s reaction to Horton’s protest will no doubt further infuriate Sun with the Dolphins throwing their support behind the 23-year-old. “That was his idea to do that. But let’s put it this way, I understand him very much,” Dolphins head coach Jacco Verhaeren said of the protest. “He has been very strong and vocal about this in the past ... you can only respect him for what he does.”
Teammate Mitch Larkin said “99 per cent” of athletes at Gwangju backed Horton’s Sun snub. “I think 100% of the Aussie athletes certainly back Mack up. While he was standing alone on the podium last night he’s not standing alone in spirit,” he said. “I would say 99% of the athletes here support what he does. We are all fighting for a clean sport.”
The controversy has added another chapter to Horton’s bitter rivalry with Sun. It began when Horton dismissed Sun as a “drug cheat” at the Rio Olympics, prompting the Chinese swimming team to demand an official apology. Their feud escalated after Horton upset Sun to claim a shock 400m freestyle gold at the 2016 Games.
Meanwhile, Titmus became the first Australian woman to claim the world 400m title since Tracey Wickham in 1978 after pulling off an upset victory that snapped Ledecky’s staggering winning streak.
Titmus clocked a Commonwealth record three minutes, 58.76 seconds on the opening night of the eight-day world titles in Gwangju, South Korea, on Sunday to upstage the once untouchable Ledecky.
The American had not been beaten in 400m, 800m or 1500m freestyle at a major international meet since 2012 until the 18-year-old pulled off one of the great upsets. Yet Titmus’ hard marking coach Dean Boxall still found fault with the landmark swim.
“I think she could have executed it a little bit better. It was a good swim, of course ... but it could have been better,” he said. “I thought she nearly missed an opportunity there.”
Still, Titmus was confident she had done enough for Ledecky to take her seriously as a threat ahead of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. Ledecky had refused to speak specifically about Titmus ahead of the titles despite the world No 2 ranked teenager’s impressive form, stonewalling reporters by claiming “everyone was a threat”.
Titmus reckoned that may now have changed. “Now hopefully she is excited that she now has a battle with me,” Titmus said. However, Boxall warned Titmus’ win may come at a price. He believed a “pissed off” Ledecky would now be out for vengeance in her other two events in South Korea against Titmus – the 200m and 800m freestyle.
... like you, are reading and supporting The Guardian’s independent, investigative journalism than ever before. And unlike many new organisations, we have chosen an approach that allows us to keep our journalism accessible to all, regardless of where they live or what they can afford. But we need your ongoing support to keep working as we do.
The Guardian will engage with the most critical issues of our time – from the escalating climate catastrophe to widespread inequality to the influence of big tech on our lives. At a time when factual information is a necessity, we believe that each of us, around the world, deserves access to accurate reporting with integrity at its heart.
Our editorial independence means we set our own agenda and voice our own opinions. Guardian journalism is free from commercial and political bias and not influenced by billionaire owners or shareholders. This means we can give a voice to those less heard, explore where others turn away, and rigorously challenge those in power.
We need your support to keep delivering quality journalism, to maintain our openness and to protect our precious independence. Every reader contribution, big or small, is so valuable. Support The Guardian from as little as $1 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
119
Equifax to pay up to $700 mn to settle US data breach probes
Credit reporting company Equifax will pay at least $575 million and up to $700 million, the largest ever US data breach settlement, to settle federal and state investigations into a 2017 data breach. The breach had compromised 143 million American consumers' sensitive information. Equifax will establish an up to $425-million compensation fund for victims and pay $275 million in penalties.
https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2019/07/equifax-pay-575-million-part-settlement-ftc-cfpb-states-related?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
FTC
NOTE: The FTC hosted an IN-PERSON press conference at FTC Headquarters, 600 Pennsylvania Ave, NW, Washington D.C., at 10 am ET TODAY (July 22).
Participants included: FTC Chairman Joe Simons, CFPB Director Kathy Kraninger, and Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh.
Archival webcast of the press conference will be available in the near future. Opening Remarks of Chairman Joseph Simons at FTC Equifax Press Conference
Equifax Inc. has agreed to pay at least $575 million, and potentially up to $700 million, as part of a global settlement with the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), and 50 U.S. states and territories, which alleged that the credit reporting company’s failure to take reasonable steps to secure its network led to a data breach in 2017 that affected approximately 147 million people.
In its complaint, the FTC alleges that Equifax failed to secure the massive amount of personal information stored on its network, leading to a breach that exposed millions of names and dates of birth, Social Security numbers, physical addresses, and other personal information that could lead to identity theft and fraud.
As part of the proposed settlement, Equifax will pay $300 million to a fund that will provide affected consumers with credit monitoring services. The fund will also compensate consumers who bought credit or identity monitoring services from Equifax and paid other out-of-pocket expenses as a result of the 2017 data breach. Equifax will add up to $125 million to the fund if the initial payment is not enough to compensate consumers for their losses. In addition, beginning in January 2020, Equifax will provide all U.S. consumers with six free credit reports each year for seven years—in addition to the one free annual credit report that Equifax and the two other nationwide credit reporting agencies currently provide.
The company also has agreed to pay $175 million to 48 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, as well as $100 million to the CFPB in civil penalties.
“Companies that profit from personal information have an extra responsibility to protect and secure that data,” said FTC Chairman Joe Simons. “Equifax failed to take basic steps that may have prevented the breach that affected approximately 147 million consumers. This settlement requires that the company take steps to improve its data security going forward, and will ensure that consumers harmed by this breach can receive help protecting themselves from identity theft and fraud.”
“Today’s announcement is not the end of our efforts to make sure consumers’ sensitive personal information is safe and secure. The incident at Equifax underscores the evolving cyber security threats confronting both private and government computer systems and actions they must take to shield the personal information of consumers. Too much is at stake for the financial security of the American people to make these protections anything less than a top priority. For consumers impacted by the Equifax breach, today’s settlement will make available up to $425 million for time and money they spent to protect themselves from potential threats of identity theft or addressing incidents of identity theft as a result of the breach. We encourage consumers impacted by the breach to submit their claims in order to receive free credit monitoring or cash reimbursements,” said Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Director Kathleen L. Kraninger.
Company’s Security Failures
The FTC alleges that Equifax failed to patch its network after being alerted in March 2017 to a critical security vulnerability affecting its ACIS database, which handles inquiries from consumers about their personal credit data. Even though Equifax’s security team ordered that each of the company’s vulnerable systems be patched within 48 hours after receiving the alert, Equifax did not follow up to ensure the order was carried out by the responsible employees.
In fact, Equifax did not discover that its ACIS database was unpatched until July 2017, when its security team detected suspicious traffic on its network. A company investigation revealed that multiple hackers were able to exploit the ACIS vulnerability to gain entry to Equifax’s network, where they accessed an unsecured file that included administrative credentials stored in plain text. These credentials allowed the hackers to gain access to vast amounts of consumers’ personally identifiable information and to operate undetected on Equifax’s network for months.
The hackers targeted Social Security numbers, dates of birth, and other sensitive information, mostly from consumers who had purchased products from Equifax such as credit scores, credit monitoring, or identity theft prevention services. For example, hackers stole at least 147 million names and dates of birth, 145.5 million Social Security numbers, and 209,000 payment card numbers and expiration dates.
Hackers were able to access a staggering amount of data because Equifax failed to implement basic security measures, according to the complaint. This includes failing to implement a policy to ensure that security vulnerabilities were patched; failing to segment its database servers to block access to other parts of the network once one database was breached; and failing to install robust intrusion detection protections for its legacy databases. In addition, the FTC also alleges that Equifax stored network credentials and passwords, as well as Social Security numbers and other sensitive consumer information, in plain text.
Despite its failure to implement basic security measures, Equifax’s privacy policy at the time stated that it limited access to consumers’ personal information and implemented “reasonable physical, technical and procedural safeguards” to protect consumer data.
The FTC alleges that Equifax violated the FTC Act’s prohibition against unfair and deceptive practices and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act’s Safeguards Rule, which requires financial institutions to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive information security program to protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of customer information.
Settlement Requirements
In addition to the monetary relief to consumers, Equifax is also required to implement a comprehensive information security program requiring the company to take several measures including:
The proposed settlement also requires the company to obtain third-party assessments of its information security program every two years. Under the order, the assessor must specify the evidence that supports its conclusions and conduct independent sampling, employee interviews, and document reviews. The order grants the Commission the authority to approve the assessor for each two-year assessment period. The order also requires Equifax to provide an annual update to the FTC about the status of the consumer claims process.
Finally, the FTC encourages Equifax employees who believe the company is failing to adhere to its data security promises to email the FTC at equifax@ftc.gov. Consumers can find out more about the settlement at ftc.gov/Equifax.
The Commission vote authorizing the staff to file the complaint and proposed stipulated final order was 5-0. The FTC expects to file the complaint and proposed order today in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia.
NOTE: The Commission files a complaint when it has “reason to believe” that the named defendants are violating or are about to violate the law and it appears to the Commission that a proceeding is in the public interest. Stipulated final orders have the force of law when approved and signed by the District Court judge.
The Federal Trade Commission works to promote competition, and protect and educate consumers. You can learn more about consumer topics and file a consumer complaint online or by calling 1-877-FTC-HELP (382-4357). Like the FTC on Facebook, follow us on Twitter, read our blogs, and subscribe to press releases for the latest FTC news and resources.
120
Maharashtra's Kaas Plateau has over 850 species of flowering plants
Maharashtra's 'Kaas Plateau', situated 25 kilometres west from Satara and a three-hour drive from Pune, has over 850 different species of flowers and even endemic butterflies. A UNESCO World Heritage site since 2012, it's commonly called 'Maharashtra's Valley of Flowers'. August to early October is the right time to visit the plateau as the maximum flowers bloom during this time.
https://m.delhiplanet.com/article/with-more-than-850-species-of-flowering-plants-heres-all-you-need-to-know-about-kaas-plateau-the-valley-of-flowers-in-maharashtra/27151?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
DelhiPlanet
Null
121
Acharya Devvrat takes oath as Governor of Gujarat
Acharya Devvrat was sworn in as the Governor of Gujarat on Monday at a function held at the Raj Bhavan, Gandhinagar. Devvrat was administered the oath of office by the acting Chief Justice of Gujarat High Court, Anant S Dave. He took the oath in Sanskrit in the presence of CM Vijay Rupani, Deputy CM Nitinbhai Patel and others.
http://www.newsonair.com/News?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&id=368934&title=Acharya-Devvrat-takes-oath-as-new-Governor-of-Gujarat&utm_source=inshorts
AIR
Null
122
I-T notice to Durga Puja Committees insult to puja: Mamata
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday condemned the Income Tax notice to the Durga Puja Committees Forum, calling it an insult to puja. "During the elections, [BJP] take Hindus along, and after the election, they do this," Mamata said. "Many political parties don't have to pay income tax for the funds they spend during the elections," she added.
http://www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2019/jul/22/mamata-flays-bjp-over-it-notice-to-durga-puja-committees-in-bengal-2007717.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The New Indian Express
KOLKATA: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday condemned the BJP-led NDA government's move to send income tax notices to Durga Puja committees in the state and said religious festivals should not be taxed.
"Festivals are festivals. Those who believe in the Hindu religion, observe Durga Puja. It is a matter of excitement and wonder around the globe. Many political parties do not have to pay income tax for the funds they spend during the elections. Then why would the Puja committees have to pay tax? I condemn this attitude," Banerjee said after holding a meeting with Zilla Parishad members at the state secretariat.
"Moreover, the pujas are mostly organised by collecting subscriptions from people and through sponsorships. The people who give subscriptions already pay income tax and the companies that sponsor, give GST. Durga Puja is not a commercial function, it is a social function. The government has a social obligation towards such programmes. So the government cannot take income tax from them," she said.
Attacking the BJP, Banerjee said those who talk about Hinduism before the elections are insulting a religious festival like Durga Puja by asking the organisers to pay income tax.
"They talk about Hinduism before the elections and after the election is over, they ask for income tax from the biggest Hindu festival here (Bengal). It is not right. People of all religions attend the Durga Puja. This should not happen. It is an insult to the Puja," she claimed.
The Chief Minister said her government had paid an honorarium of Rs 10,000 to the community Durga Puja organisers last year as it has a social obligation to support such community programmes and plans to do the same this year.
Accusing the saffron party of trying to "capture" many things including EVMs with the "power of money", Banerjee said the party should try to win over people's hearts instead.
"Money can buy many things. One can capture the walls, capture the EVM machines but one cannot capture people's hearts with money. BJP should first learn to win over people's hearts," she added.
123
Impose President's rule or dismiss K'taka govt: Sena to Centre
Ahead of the floor test in Karnataka Assembly, the Shiv Sena asked the Centre to either impose President's rule or dismiss the state Legislative Assembly. It added, "The country is watching that a CM is struggling to remain in his chair despite losing the majority." It said that CM HD Kumaraswamy should have resigned following the democratic and Parliamentary tradition.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/politics/impose-presidents-rule-or-dismiss-karnataka-govt-shiv-sena-to-centre20190722123910/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
New Delhi (India), July 22 (ANI): Ahead of the scheduled trust vote in Karnataka Assembly, BJP ally Shiv Sena on Monday said Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy should have resigned as he has lost majority and asked the Centre to either dismiss the Congress-JD (S) government or impose President's law in the state."Everyone in Karnataka is flouting democracy norms. Why is the Central government quietly watching this drama by both sides? Either impose President's rule or dismiss the Karnataka Legislative Assembly. Do anything but finish this drama in Karnataka," Shiv Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece Saamana.It further said: "It is hard to predict when this drama would come to an end. Kumaraswamy should have left the government following the democratic and Parliamentary tradition. The country is watching that a Chief Minister is struggling to remain in his chair despite losing majority."The ongoing high-voltage political drama is likely to culminate today when the Congress-JD(S) coalition government faces the crucial floor test in the Assembly after missing two deadlines set by Governor Vajubhai Vala.In a seemingly last-ditch attempt to persuade rebel MLAs, Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy on Sunday appealed to them to attend the Assembly session and explain how the BJP allegedly sabotaged democratic edifice and "destroyed its sanctity".All eyes are now on the proceedings of the day particularly in the backdrop of BJP alleging the Speaker KR Ramesh Kumar of dragging his feet on floor test. On Friday, the Assembly failed to meet two deadlines set by Governor Vajubhai Vala to complete the trust vote.The 13-month-old coalition government slumped into a minority earlier this month following the resignation of 16 dissident MLAs of the ruling coalition including 13 of Congress and three of JD(S).The state Assembly has 225 members, including one nominated MLA. The halfway mark in the 225-member Assembly is 113. (ANI)
124
Maharashtra tops ATM frauds, Delhi and TN follow: RBI data
As per RBI data, Maharashtra reported 233 cases of ATM frauds in 2018-19, followed by Delhi with 179 cases and Tamil Nadu with 147 cases. The loss reported from Maharashtra, Delhi and Tamil Nadu was ₹4.81 crore, ₹2.9 crore and ₹3.63 crore respectively. Notably, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura were the only three states that didn’t report a single incident.
https://www.india.com/news/india/maharashtra-stands-first-in-surging-atm-frauds-delhi-follows-rbi-data-3723612/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
India.com
New Delhi: A data released by the Reserve Bank Of India revealed that Maharashtra has witnessed the highest number of ATM fraud cases in the country followed by Delhi, stated a report. While 233 bank fraud cases were registered in Maharashtra alone, Delhi reported 179 such cases in 2018-19.
Banks dealing with fraudulent cases amounting to a sum of Rs 1 lakh and more reported the matter to the RBI. As per reports, while people from Delhi have lost around Rs 2.9 crore money in ATM frauds cases, those from Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu have lost a larger sum of money at Rs 4.81 crore and Rs 3.63 crore, respectively.
In 2017-18, three states namely Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura did not report a single case of ATM fraud. However, the country as a whole witnessed an increase in ATM fraud cases from 911 to 980.  In Delhi alone, the banks reported a loss of Rs 2.8 crore in 2017-18, while the money lost across the nation in that year amounted to Rs 65.3 crore.
According to police and cyber crime experts, the ATM thefts that were below the sum of 1 lakh were not taken into account while calculating the data. They added that fraudsters were able to steal the other people’s money with the help of ATMs and debit cards. For instance, the fraudsters copy data from other people’s card by installing skimmer devices on ATMs and point-of-sale machines. They target gullible people at the ATMs, especially where the security is inadequate.
Sometimes, fraudsters pose as customer-care agents of banks and trick people to hack their confidential information.  Thus, the Delhi Police’s Cyber Prevention Awareness and Detection (CyPAD) centre are currently dealing with such cases to bring down the number of cyber crime cases.
125
Jawan martyred as Pakistan violates ceasefire in J&K
A jawan was martyred after Pakistan violated ceasefire along the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir's Rajouri district on Monday, a defence ministry spokesperson said. Pakistani troops targeted forward posts and villages with mortar shells and small arms, according to police. On Saturday, a civilian was injured in the unprovoked mortar shelling by Pakistani troops.
Null
126
Miscreants force Muslim men to chant 'Jai Shri Ram' in Aurangabad
Two Muslim men were allegedly threatened by a group of miscreants after they refused to chant 'Jai Shri Ram' in Maharashtra's Aurangabad on Sunday. The incident was caught on CCTV camera and heavy deployment of police is in place to maintain law and order. This is the second such incident reported from the city within a week.
https://www.timesnownews.com/india/article/maharashtra-muslim-men-threatened-for-refusing-to-chant-jai-shri-ram-in-aurangabad/457179?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Mumbai: Two days after a Muslim man was thrashed by a group of unidentified men and forced to chant 'Jai Shri Ram' in Aurangabad city of Maharashtra, a similar incident was reported on late Sunday night. According to a news agency, two Mulsim youth were threatened by a few miscreants after they refused to chant the religious slogan near Azad Chowk in the district. 
Speaking to the news agency, one of the victims said that they were not thrashed but were threatened by some men when they refused to chant Jai Shri Ram. "They asked us to chant Jai Shri Ram, which we refused. They did not thrash us. They threatened us and fled away," the victim was quoted as saying. 
Notably, this is the second such incident that has been reported from the district within a week. Heavy deployment of police is in place to maintain law and order. 
The Sunday night incident has been caught in the CCTV camera installed at the spot and an investigation has been launched to ascertain the facts. "The case is being investigated and I would appeal people to maintain peace and not fall for rumours," said Chiranjeevi Prasad, Police Commissioner was quoted by ANI as saying. 
On July 19, Imran Ismail Patel was allegedly thrashed by around 10 unidentified men who stopped him when he was returning home on a motorbike. Patel alleged that he was stopped and thrashed and forced to chant "Jai Shri Ram" thrice. 
Notably, Patel was rescued by a Hindu couple that rushed to the spot on seeing the commotion. 
Earlier this month, a similar case was reported from Uttar Pradesh's Kanpur where a group of unidentified men thrashed Taj Mohammad when he was returning to his home from a Madarsa after offering Friday prayers. 
In his complaint, Taj alleged that he was stopped by four people on two motorbikes who questioned him on his alleged wayward driving and then forced him to chant Jai Shri Ram. Taj was pinned to the ground and was pressurised to chant the religious slogan. "They even took my cell phone so I couldn't call anybody," he said in his complaint. 
127
Medical cannabis among top priorities for new Thai government
Developing a medical cannabis industry is among top policy priorities for Thailand's new government, according to a document released before the formal announcement. "The study and technological development of marijuana, hemp, and other medicinal herbs should be sped up," the policy document said. Thailand legalised marijuana for medical use and research last year.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-thailand-politics-idUSKCN1UH0M7?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=5d3599b1b9415600019b3918&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
128
Will retaliate if US imposes sanctions over Russian S-400: Turkey
Turkey would retaliate against what it called an unacceptable threat of US sanctions over the country's purchase of Russian S-400 missile defence system, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu has said. "This is not a threat or a bluff," he added. However, Cavusoglu further said he thinks US President Donald Trump wants to avoid such measures.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-security-usa/turkey-will-retaliate-if-u-s-imposes-sanctions-over-s-400s-minister-idUSKCN1UH0RW?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
129
Suzlon Energy given 'bad loan' tag by Union Bank: Reports
State-run Union Bank of India has reportedly classified its loan to Suzlon Energy as a non-performing asset (NPA) after repayments were delayed by over 90 days and its other lenders might also do the same. Reports said the bank has over ₹70-crore exposure to Suzlon, which has over ₹11,000-crore debt. Recently, Suzlon Energy had defaulted on a ₹1,200-crore bond payment.
https://www.livemint.com/industry/energy/suzlon-gets-a-bad-loan-tag-from-union-bank-1563736586944.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
130
Hard to say when the NBFC crisis will be over: RBI Governor
It is difficult to say when the crisis in the non-banking finance company (NBFC) sector will be over, RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das said in an interview. He added RBI is making efforts to ensure there isn't a collapse of "another systematically important NBFC". The NBFC sector saw a liquidity crunch, sparked by IL&FS defaulting on its debt repayments last year.
https://www.livemint.com/industry/banking/-difficult-to-say-when-it-finishes-rbi-governor-on-nbfc-crisis-1563765145020.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
131
Govt wants antitrust review of 'Big 4' audit firms: Reports
The government reportedly wants antitrust body Competition Commission of India (CCI) to assess whether the "Big Four" auditing firms and affiliates are hurting competition in India. CCI may have to check whether PwC, Deloitte, KPMG, and Ernst & Young are abusing their dominant market position, reports said. The four firms audit for nearly 60% of top 500 companies on NSE.
https://www.livemint.com/politics/policy/government-wants-antitrust-review-of-big-four-accountants-1563781467661.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
132
India's 2nd Moon mission Chandrayaan-2 successfully launched by ISRO
ISRO on Monday successfully launched 'Chandrayaan-2', India's second Moon mission and the world's first-ever mission aimed towards a soft landing on the Moon's south polar region. India's most powerful launcher GSLV MkIII-M1 was assigned to carry Chandrayaan-2 to its designated orbit. Chandrayaan-2's lander 'Vikram' will execute the soft landing on the Moon and 'Pragyan' rover will communicate with it.
Null
133
Massive fire at MTNL building in Mumbai, 100 feared trapped
A level 4 fire has broken out at MTNL building in Bandra, Mumbai and 14 fire tenders are present at the spot. Fire fighting operations are underway. No injuries or casualties have been reported yet but as many as 100 people are feared trapped on the terrace of the building. More details on the incident are awaited.
https://twitter.com/ANI/status/1153257370962878464?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
134
Ibrahim should make B'wood debut, he's better looking than me: Saif
Saif Ali Khan, when asked if his son Ibrahim will make his Bollywood debut any time soon, said, "He should, he's looking good, better looking than I am!" "I definitely think all of my children would be interested in acting. We're an acting family," he added. However, Saif said he is keen on Ibrahim finishing his studies first.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/saif-ali-khan-on-son-ibrahim-ali-khan-i-definitely-think-all-of-my-children-would-be-interested-in-acting/story-KTSfaY7QJ7Lg0ZtilD0hyJ.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
135
He was my only child: Dad of 14-yr-old actor who died in car crash
Shivendra Singh, father of 14-year-old 'Sasural Simar Ka' fame child actor Shivlekh Singh who passed away recently in a car accident, said, "He was my only child." Speaking about the accident, Shivendra added, "My wife and I blanked out and when we woke up, we realised he was gone." They were returning to Raipur from Bilaspur when the accident happened.
https://www.timesnownews.com/entertainment/telly-talk/gossip/article/sasural-simar-ka-actor-shivlekh-singh-s-father-on-his-son-s-demise-he-was-my-only-child/457220?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
The TV industry went into a state of mourning last week when news of 14-year-old Shivlekh Singh’s death started doing the rounds. The teenager, who had acted in a number of shows, including Sasural Simar Ka and Bal Veer, among others, met with an accident on July 18 and died on the spot. His father, Shivendra Singh, mustered up the courage to talk about the unfortunate and heartbreaking incident and said that Shivlekh was his only son.
In an interview to a portal, Shivendra, who was in the same car with his wife, Lekhna, and Shivlekh, reveals, “The driver was hurt. My wife and I blanked out and when we woke up, we realised that our son was gone. I don't know what hit him. In fact, he was not even sitting in the front. We were rushed to the hospital but...”
The couple, along with their son, were returning from Bilaspur and were headed to Raipur when a speeding truck hit their car. While Shivendra, Lekhna and the driver of the car were injured in the accident, Shivlekh lost his life. Shivendra also confirmed that it was the truck driver's fault because of which the accident occurred. He added, “Shivlekh was my only child."



Once the news of Shivlekh’s death was made public on July 19, his co-stars were left in shock and couldn’t believe the news. Aastha Chaudhary, who shared screen space with him in the show Kesari Nandan, expressed her grief on social media and wrote, “Life is just so unfair….M still in shock …Shivlekh Singh you gone toooo soon . Rip.”



On the other hand, Shivlekh’s on-screen mother from the show Sriman Srimati, Sucheta Khanna, was quoted as saying that she was extremely shocked to hear about the 14-year-old actor’s demise. “It just shows how unpredictable our lives are. He was a very talented, disciplined, well-mannered and well-brought up boy,” she said in a report.
 
136
Koena Mitra gets 6 months in jail for cheque bouncing case
Koena Mitra has been sentenced to six months imprisonment by a metropolitan magistrate's court in a cheque bouncing case. The complaint, filed by model Poonam Sethi in 2013, alleges that Koena borrowed ₹22 lakh over a period of time but at the time of repayment, she gave a cheque of ₹3 lakh which bounced. Koena has however denied the allegations.
https://www.thequint.com/entertainment/celebrities/koena-mitra-6-years-jail-cheque-bouncing-case?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Quint
Bollywood actor Koena Mitra has reportedly been convicted in a cheque bouncing case and sentenced to six months imprisonment by a metropolitan magistrate’s court. She was sentenced earlier in July. According to a report by Mumbai Mirror, the complaint was filed by model Poonam Sethi and Koena Mitra was asked to pay Rs 4.64 lakh to the complainant. The amount included interest of Rs 1.64 lakh.
Poonam Sethi had filed the complaint in 2013 on account of her cheque bouncing for “want of funds.” However, the allegations have been denied by Koena, who will soon challenge the court’s judgement.
According to case details reported by Mumbai Mirror, Koena Mitra had borrowed Rs 22 lakh from Poonam Sethi. This transaction occurred over a period of time. During repayment of the loan, Poonam Sethi received a cheque of Rs 3 lakh from Koena Mitra. However, this cheque was not accepted by the bank and bounced.
Following the dishonouring of the cheque, Poonam Sethi sent a legal notice to Koena Mitra on 19 July 2013. Even after receiving the legal notice, Koena Mitra was unable to pay the required amount. Subsequently, Poonam Sethi filed a court complaint on 10 October 2013.
During the court hearing of the case, Koena Mitra’s defence was based on the fact that the complainant did not have enough resources to be able to lend that big an amount. Additionally, she also claimed that her cheques had been stolen. These defences were not accepted by the magistrate of the Andheri Metropolitan Court.
“The case is totally false and I have been framed in the matter,” said Koena Mitra to the publication. She also added that her lawyers, who could not be present in the court during her final hearing, are in the process of appealing to the higher court.
(With inputs from Mumbai Mirror)
(The Quint will no longer be on WhatsApp, owing to changes in its policies regarding news publishers. You can now get the latest news updates on our Telegram channel. For handpicked stories every day, subscribe to us on Telegram.)
137
Stokes didn't ask us to not award 6 overthrows in WC final: Dharmasena
After a section of British media claimed that all-rounder Ben Stokes wanted umpires to not award England 6 overthrows in the 2019 World Cup final, umpire Kumar Dharmasena has said that no such request was made. Dharmasena further revealed that he apologised to New Zealand captain Kane Williamson the moment he realised he had made a mistake.
https://www.crictracker.com/kumar-dharmasena-concedes-erring-in-awarding-vital-runs-to-england-denies-ben-stokes-wanted-to-withdraw-overthrow-runs/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
CricTracker
It was another World Cup final for Kumar Dharmasena but this time, he hadn’t seen the best of days. The former Sri Lanka spinner, who is a top umpire in world cricket now, was slammed for awarding six runs to England after a throw from New Zealand’s Martin Guptill went for four overthrow runs after hitting the bat of a diving Ben Stokes at Lord’s on July 14. Former umpire Simon Taufel had later said that Dharmasena should have given five and not six runs to the chasing side. The extra run helped England tie the game and they went on to lift the trophy.
Dharmasena, 48, is nicknamed ‘unanduwa’ which roughly means ‘hard worker’ and he has shown his worth in the official’s role in the past. He was also in charge of the final of the World Cup in 2015 at the Melbourne Cricket Ground which also featured New Zealand as the losing side. The Black Caps might find it hard to swallow to fact that Dharmasena’s presence in their finals didn’t see the end results going their way.
Advertisement
England had needed 15 runs to win off the last over and after Stokes hit a six in the third ball, it was nine required off three. It was then when that overthrow drama took place and Stokes had come up with an apologising gesture after the ball went for four overthrows. Taufel had said that the second run shouldn’t have been added to England’s total since the batsmen (Stokes and Adil Rashid) hadn’t crossed when the fielder had released the throw.
Dharmasena later regretted giving the verdict. Speaking to Sunday Island, Sri Lanka, he said: “I made a judgmental call after consulting my colleague Marais Erasmus. It was like calling a no-ball or a wide and I couldn’t consult the third umpire. I was 100 per cent sure that the batsmen had crossed. It looked as if he had almost reached the popping crease.”
“I admit that I was wrong. I also admit that the rule has to change.”
Dharmasena also had his own take on the rule. “If the ball hits the stumps and goes for four, then it’s fine. But the moment the ball hits the bat or the batsmen, it’s got to be a dead ball.”
Meanwhile, a section of the British media had claimed that Stokes even went to the extent of asking the umpires to withdraw the four overthrow runs. Dharmasena rejected this version outright. He even had apologised to New Zealand skipper Kane Williamson the moment he realised that he had made a blunder.

138
Facebook's prototype VR device squeezes, vibrates wrist while gaming
Facebook's Reality Labs are developing a prototype Virtual Reality device called 'Tasbi' which uses a combination of squeezes and vibrations to mimic haptic feedback for virtual objects while playing a game. Tasbi is worn on each wrist. It allows users to get a sensation whenever they pick up objects, push buttons or touch a surface.
https://www.engadget.com/2019/07/22/facebooks-prototype-vr-bangle-squeezes-and-vibrates-your-wrists/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Engadget
Null
139
Team TUM wins SpaceX Hyperloop pod contest with 463 kmph top speed
Technical University of Munich's Team TUM on Sunday won the annual SpaceX Hyperloop Pod Competition finals held at the Elon Musk-led space startup SpaceX's Hawthorne headquarters. Their pod achieved the top speed of 463.49 kmph (288 mph), highest among any team to run in the finals. TUM beat out three other finalist competitors - Delft Hyperloop, EPFL Hyperloop, and Swissloop.
https://techcrunch.com/2019/07/21/team-tum-wins-spacex-hyperloop-pod-competition-with-record-288-mph-top-speed/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
TechCrunch
SpaceX  hosted its fourth annual SpaceX Hyperloop Pod Competition finals on Sunday at the test tube it built outside its Hawthorne HQ. We were on site for the competition, and watched as Team TUM, from the Technical University of Munich,  took home the win thanks to achieving the top speed overall of any team to run in the finals.
TUM (formerly known as team WARR Hyperloop in past competitions) is a repeat winner, and achieved a top speed of 288 mph in this year’s finals. That’s the fastest overall for a Hyperloop pod thus far — it beat its own record from last year of 284 mph set during the third SpaceX student run-off. It wasn’t without incident, however — near the end of its run, there was a spark and some debris appeared to fly off the craft, but it still survived the run mostly intact and satisfied SpaceX judges to qualify for the win.
TUM beat out three other finalist competitors, including Delft Hyperloop, EPFL Hyperloop and Swissloop. Delft unfortunately had a communication error that cut their run short at just around 650 feet into the just over 3/4-mile SpaceX Hyperloop test track. EPFL managed a top speed of 148 mph and Swissloop topped out at 160 mph.
SpaceX Hyperloop Pod test track at its Hawthorne HQ; this is the end where student teams load in their test pod during the annual competition
SpaceX Hyperloop Pod test track at its Hawthorne HQ; this is the end where student teams load in their test pod during the annual competition
For the teams that did get to run on Sunday, the process involved loading their pods, which are roughly the size of bobsleds but little more than engines on wheels, onto the single track, which runs the length of the interior of the Hyperloop test tube. The tube is then sealed and de-pressurized to near vacuum, which is essentially how Musk’s original Hyperloop concept envisioned the super-speed transportation method would work.
All the teams gave a good showing, and the total number of student teams was actually 21, with more than 700 individuals total taking part in the competition from a variety of schools, including Cal Poly, the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the Indian Institute of Technology and my own alma mater, the University of Windsor (which worked with St. Clair College on their pod).
Teams had to prove to their SpaceX and Boring Company staff advisors that they were ready to run in the tube in order to qualify for the finals, and spent two weeks prior to the finals on Sunday trying to do just that. Of those 21 teams, only the four finalists managed to get the green light to run in the final competition, based on advisor criteria that includes safety and survivability of their pod design. There’s a kind of “good luck” mantra at the competition of saying “Break a pod” prior to a run, but SpaceX engineers don’t actually want team pods to experience catastrophic failure inside the tube while on a run. This year, the competition was even more challenging because for the first time all pods had to use their own communication systems, and the pods must be designed to propel themselves to within 100 feet of the far end of the tube before they stop.
21 teams competed this year, and they all brought their pods to display on race day, even though only four finalists actually ran their pods through the test track
21 teams competed this year, and they all brought their pods to display on race day, even though only four finalists actually ran their pods through the test track
Most of the teams I spoke to that failed to qualify were dismayed, but also resolute on coming back and qualifying next year. Some did express a bit of frustration about the gap between some of the teams from smaller schools and those in the final four (which qualify repeatedly year after year). Many of the finalists have deep-pocketed corporate backers, including Airbus,  while some of the smaller schools have next to no funding — resulting in a cost delta of hundreds of thousands of dollars when it comes to the total bill for the test pods built.
That said, all the teams are clearly thrilled to be able to participate, and see the competition as a chance to essentially get scored to work at one of Musk’s many high-tech ventures, including SpaceX, Tesla  and The Boring Company. For those companies, too, it seems like a no-brainer to attempt to recruit from the engineering ranks of these best-in-class technical undergrad and graduate students.
EPFL Hyperloop didn’t win the competition — but they have reason to celebrate because at least some graduates will probably “win” jobs at Musk’s various companies
EPFL Hyperloop didn’t win the competition — but they have reason to celebrate because at least some graduates will probably “win” jobs at Musk’s various companies
“I think the competition is fun, and inspiring and also useful technology comes out of it,” Musk said regarding the purpose of the event, before answering a final question from Boring Company President Steve Davis  about whether or not there will be another competition next year — “Oh yeah, of course,” Musk replied, to much applause from the crowd of competitors.
140
Papers tell me where I work: Prashant on working with Aaditya Thackeray
Taking a dig at news reports suggesting he was now working with Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's son Aaditya ahead of Maharashtra Assembly elections, poll strategist Prashant Kishor tweeted, "Ironically, these days I get to know where all I am working only through newspapers!" Notably, Kishor had worked actively in then Gujarat CM Narendra Modi's campaign for 2014 general elections.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/politics/newspapers-tell-me-where-i-work-prashant-kishor-on-working-with-aditya-thackeray20190722142621/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
New Delhi (India), July 22 (ANI): Poll strategist Prashant Kishor on Monday took a dig at news reports suggesting he was now working with Shiv Sena chief Udhav Thackeray's son Aditya ahed of the Assembly elections in Maharashtra."Ironically, these days I get to know where ALL I am working only through newspapers!!" he wrote on Twitter.A media report on Sunday said Prashant was grooming Shiv Sena youth wing chief Aditya Thackeray for the state elections. The report had also said that Aaditya's massive Jan Ashirwad Yatra was Prashant's brainchild to expand Sena's outreach for the assembly poll campaign.Prashant runs a political advocacy team, I-PAC (Indian Political Action Committee), and is known for charting election victories for various political parties, including the recent massive victory of YSR Congress in Andhra Pradesh.I-PAC has managed several campaigns for several parties including BJP's massive campaign in 2014, Rahul Gandhi's yatras in 2017 and YSR Congress' massive victory in Andhra Pradesh in recent Assembly elections.Prashant is also working with Trinamool Congress to hold its grounds in West Bengal, after BJP made major inroads in the state in Lok Sabha polls, winning 18 of the 42 seats.He is a national vice-president of the JD(U) which is in alliance with the BJP, both in Bihar and at the Centre. (ANI)
141
Visa, others invest in B2B payments firm PayMate's $25 mn round
Mumbai-based business-to-business digital payment solutions provider PayMate has raised $25 million in its Series D round from Visa, Japan's Recruit Strategic Partners and Brand Capital. Existing investor Mayfair 101 also participated in the round that will be completed by the next two months. Founded in 2006 by Ajay Adiseshann, PayMate's cloud-based platform allows enterprise and SMEs to digitise procurement-to-payment cycle.
https://entrackr.com/2019/07/b2b-paymate-25-mn-visa/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Entrackr
Null
142
Hotels body complains about OYO to CCI over broken promise
The Federation of Hotel & Restaurant Associations of India (FHRAI) has filed a complaint with the Competition Commission of India against OYO. It alleged that three months after OYO promised partners an 18% interest on delayed payments, the issues continue to be unresolved. "Environment created by OYO has forced hoteliers to cut ties with it," FHRAI's honorary Joint Secretary said.
https://inc42.com/buzz/fhrai-takes-oyo-complaints-to-cci-over-broken-promises/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Inc42
Null
143
Why has ISRO named Chandrayaan 2's lander Vikram?
ISRO has named Chandrayaan 2's lander Vikram after father of Indian Space Programme Dr Vikram A Sarabhai. Vikram has been designed to execute a soft landing on the lunar surface. After Vikram's landing, rover Pragyan will roll out and carry out experiments on lunar surface for a period of 1 lunar day which is equal to 14 Earth days.
https://www.isro.gov.in/chandrayaan2-mission?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ISRO
Null
144
Bounced back with flying colours after technical snag: ISRO Chief
After India's second Moon mission Chandrayaan-2's successful launch, ISRO Chief K Sivan said, ISRO bounced back with flying colours after fixing the technical snag. "It's the beginning of a historic journey of India towards Moon and to land at a place near south pole," he added. The mission, initially scheduled for July 15, was suspended due to a technical snag.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/chandrayaan-2-launch-live-updates-isro-moon-mission-lift-off-today/story-ulylHPGTpnammDrU09CYvL.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
145
PM Modi praises Chandrayaan-2, shares pics of himself watching launch
PM Narendra Modi took to Twitter to share pictures of himself watching the launch proceedings of Chandrayaan-2. "The launch of #Chandrayaan2 illustrates the prowess of our scientists and determination of 130 crore Indians to scale new frontiers of science," he tweeted. "What would make every Indian overjoyed is the fact that #Chandrayaan2 is a fully indigenous mission," he further wrote.
https://twitter.com/narendramodi/status/1153241196010954753?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
146
Iran captures 17 CIA spies, sentences some to death: Reports
Iran has captured 17 spies working for the US' Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and some have been sentenced to death, Iranian media reported on Monday. "The identified spies were employed in sensitive and vital private sector centres in the economic, nuclear, infrastructural, military and cyber areas...where they collected classified information," Iran's Intelligence Ministry reportedly said.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-iran-usa-spies/iran-says-breaks-up-cia-spy-ring-some-sentenced-to-death-report-idUSKCN1UH0JD?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
147
Pirates steal cash, sailors' shoes in attack on S Korea-flagged ship
Pirates attacked a South Korea-flagged cargo ship near the Singapore Strait on Monday, stealing thousands of dollars in cash and the sailors' shoes, South Korean authorities said. The pirates also took away belongings including mobile phones and clothes from the cargo ship's 22 crew members. Officials said the ship was sailing normally after the robbery.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-southkorea-ship-piracy/pirates-attack-korean-cargo-ship-near-singapore-strait-yonhap-idUSKCN1UH052?il=0&utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
148
CL winners Liverpool lose 1-2 to Sevilla in pre-season friendly
Champions League winners Liverpool lost 1-2 to Sevilla in a pre-season friendly on Sunday following a 90th-minute goal from Spanish side's 20-year-old midfielder Alejandro Pozo. Liverpool forward Divock Origi, who scored both in semifinals and finals of Champions League, scored in the 44th minute. The match also saw Liverpool's 18-year-old Yasser Larouci being stretchered off in the 76th minute.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/football/liverpool-fall-2-1-to-sevilla-in-fenway-friendly/story-9KRNfXANHYN58u7N7n1CGM.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
149
ICC ran out of patience with Zimbabwe Cricket: Grant Flower
Speaking about the suspension of the Zimbabwe Cricket board, former Zimbabwe cricketer Grant Flower has said that the ICC ran out of patience with Zimbabwe Cricket (ZC). "ICC have just been worn down by all the corruption, fraud, and the problems with Zimbabwe Cricket not being able to get its house in order," Flower added.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/icc-ran-out-of-patience-with-zimbabwe-cricket-grant-flower/story-D9fUTcv6s8h02rqHv8PaVI.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
150
India A beat West Indies A with 8 wickets and 17 overs to spare
India A defeated West Indies A with eight wickets and 17 overs to spare in the final unofficial ODI between the sides on Sunday. India A had restricted the West Indies A to 236 in their 50 overs. After that, openers Shubman Gill's 69 and Ruturaj Gaikwad's 99 helped the Indian side register the win.
Null
151
Shubhankar equals best finish at Major after ending tied 51st
Shubhankar Sharma equalled his best performance in a Major, signing off tied 51st at the 148th Open Championship in Portrush. Sharma achieved the feat at the Open Championship on his 23rd birthday. "I am not used to doing much on my birthdays but the last two birthdays have been at The Open and they have been very special," Sharma said.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/shubhankar-sharma-equals-best-finish-at-major-after-signing-off-tied-51st/story-LRfsxmsTEUBuKHRfRY7OIO.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
152
BJP in hurry, using K'taka Guv to come to power: Shivakumar
Ahead of the floor test of the Karnataka Congress-JD(S) coalition government, Congress leader DK Shivakumar said that the BJP is in a "hurry" for power and using the Governor for the same. His comment came after the Supreme Court refused to give an early hearing on a plea seeking a direction to conclude the floor test in the Assembly today.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/politics/karnataka-bjp-using-guv-in-hurry-to-come-to-power-says-dk-shivakumar20190722130229/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Bengaluru (Karnataka) [India], July 22 (ANI): Ahead of the floor test of the Congress-JD(S) coalition government in Karnataka Assembly today, Congress leader DK Shivakumar hit out at the BJP and said that they are hurry to come to power and are using the Governor of Karnataka.His statement comes after the Supreme Court earlier today refused to give an early hearing on a plea by two independent Karnataka legislators seeking a direction to conclude the floor test in the Assembly today."Supreme Court has very clearly said that they can't fix the timing. It's obvious that it is up to the Speaker and Speaker has to take a call. I think a lot issues have been going on. (For) BJP it is better to wait... It shows that there can't be any deadline for this. It is better to just have a full discussion... When Atal Bihari Vajpayee government was there, the floor test had taken some 10 days. So, let us not be in a hurry. BJP (is in) hurry for power... They are using the Governor of Karnataka," Shivakumar told ANI here.Talking about his meeting with the JD(S) leaders on Sunday, Shivakumar said, "JD(S) came to me, they wanted to speak to me. They also have their stand. They want to see that this secular government is saved. They don't mind even sharing the responsibility with the Congress party."Meanwhile, BJP MLAs have expressed confidence about winning majority."There is no question of us winning. They are losing the vote of confidence today. So, if they lose, we will naturally win," said BJP leader Madhu Swamy.Another BJP legislator Prabhu Chauhan said, "We are 100 per cent confident of our win today. BJP will win today and BS Yeddyurappa will become the Chief Minister."BJP's KS Eshwarappa said, "The Congress-JD(S) coalition government will come to an end today in Karnataka. We are now 100 per cent confident. BJP will form government in Karnataka."Both the BJP and Congress leaders simultaneously held legislative party meetings in Bengaluru on Sunday.The Congress-JDS government slumped into a minority earlier this month following the resignation of several dissident MLAs. Sixteen MLAs from the ruling coalition including thirteen Congress and three JD(S) MLAs have resigned.On Friday, the Assembly failed to meet two deadlines set by Governor Vajubhai Vala to complete the trust vote. After that, Chief Minister Kumaraswamy moved to Supreme Court challenging the Governor's directive to the government saying it was in violation of well-settled law laid down by the court.The state Assembly has 225 members, including one nominated MLA. The halfway mark in the 225-member Assembly is 113. (ANI)
153
Spoke in fit of anger: J&K Guv on 'kill corrupts' advice to militants
Jammu and Kashmir Governor Satya Pal Malik said that whatever he said on Sunday was in a "fit of anger" due to "rampant corruption" in the state. Yesterday, Malik stated that militants should "kill corrupt politicians who have looted the wealth" of the state rather than innocent people and security personnel. He said, as Governor, he shouldn't have said this.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/spoke-in-fit-of-anger-but-j-k-governor-satya-pal-malik-clarifies-his-kill-statement/story-rzg6qwj501bqJidx5799dK.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
154
One party has access to 90% election funds: Ex-PM Manmohan Singh
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday said that there is a need to discuss state funding for elections when only one party has access to 90% of the election funds. Speaking at former Union Minister Indrajit Gupta's Birth Centenary Memorial Meeting, Singh said, "[Indrajit Gupta] argued for the role of state funding in elections...such ideas need to be discussed."
https://www.financialexpress.com/india-news/manmohan-singh-wants-discussion-on-state-funding-in-elections-heres-why/1651492/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Financial Express
Null
155
Pragya believes in class discrimination: Owaisi on toilet remark
AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi on Monday said that he wasn't surprised about BJP MP Pragya Thakur's 'toilet' remark, adding that she believes in the caste and class discrimination happening in the country. "She has openly opposed PM's [Swachh Bharat Abhiyan]," Owaisi said. Pragya had said that she wasn't elected to clean toilets or drains but would perform her actual duties.
https://www.india.com/news/india/pragya-thakur-opposing-pms-program-owaisi-on-bhopal-mps-not-elected-to-clean-toilets-remark-3723932/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
India.com
New Delhi: All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) chief Asaduddin Owaisi on Monday lambasted Bhopal MP Pragya Thakur over her recent ‘not elected to get drains and toilets cleaned’ remarks. Terming her statement ‘unfortunate’, Owaisi said,”She has openly opposed PM Modi’s program. The MP believes in the caste and class discrimination happening in India.”
He added,”She made such remarks because that is her thought process. I am not at all surprised, neither I’m shocked by her obnoxious statement. She clearly tells that the kind of work the caste has defined, that should continue. It is very unfortunate.”
Earlier, Congress leader Tariq Anwar had criticised Thakur for her remarks saying,” Her words showed her attitude towards the clean India campaign. PM Modi should take action against her.
Besides, Congress spokeswoman Shobha Oza had also reacted sharply to Bhopal MP’s remarks. She had said Thakur’s statement exposes the BJP as she has ‘tossed aside Prime Minister Modi’s Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’. “It makes clear that the BJP only believes in slogans and ‘jumlas’… it is not even remotely interested in development and public benefit,” she added.
Yesterday, while speaking at Sehore, which comes under her parliamentary constituency of Bhopal, Thakur had said,”We will with all honesty do what we have been elected for, so keep in mind, we are not here for cleaning a drain. Is that clear?”
The firebrand leader was responding to a party worker who complained about the unhygienic conditionsin the town that was the district headquarters for Bhopal district till the mid 1970s.
“An MP should be asked for parliamentarian’s work. MP’s work is to join hands with MLAs, corporators and public representatives for development,” she said.
“You get my phone number with ease and call me up. I will be here after the Lok Sabha session gets over. Will give you a patient hearing. Your problems will be looked into. Whatever funds we get will be used for public good,” she added further.
156
9 killed, several injured in road accident in UP's Hapur
Nine people were killed and several others were injured after the vehicle in which they were travelling collided with an unknown vehicle, police said. The police added that the injured were shifted to a local hospital, while those in critical condition were transferred to Meerut. The victims were returning from a marriage when the accident took place, the police said.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/hapur-9-dead-several-injured-in-road-mishap20190722032147/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Hapur (Uttar Pradesh) [India], July 22 (ANI): Nine people died while several others were severely injured in a road accident which took place in Hafizpur here on Sunday.The incident took place after the 'pickup truck' in which victims were travelling collided with an unknown vehicle.The injured were shifted to a local hospital. Some of them have been referred to Meerut."They (victims) were returning from a marriage when the accident took place. Nine people have lost their lives while several others are injured. Some of the injured are shifted to Meerut," said Sarvesh Kumar, ASP."The vehicle in which they were travelling was hit from side and was completely destroyed," said Dilshad, a local. (ANI)
157
No blanket ban on crypto trading in India yet, says govt
There is no blanket ban on cryptocurrency trading in India yet, Minister of State for Finance Anurag Thakur said. "Presently, there's no separate law for dealing with cryptocurrency-related issues. Hence, all concerned departments and law enforcement agencies...take action as per the relevant existing laws," he added. In 2018, RBI had barred banks from serving firms dealing with cryptocurrencies.
https://www.livemint.com/news/india/no-blanket-crypto-trading-ban-yet-in-india-1563679017340.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
158
Piramal raises ₹1,500 cr from StanChart via NCDs: Reports
Ajay Piramal-led Piramal Enterprises (PEL) has reportedly raised ₹1,500 crore from Standard Chartered Bank through non-convertible debentures (NCDs). The funds will be utilised to meet PEL's working capital needs and upcoming debt-related payment obligations, reports said. Recently, the company had made principal and coupon payments on outstanding debt of reportedly around ₹1,700 crore.
https://www.livemint.com/companies/news/piramal-raises-1-500-crore-from-stanchart-bank-through-ncds-1563723470105.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
159
NMIMS Global Access holds webinar on MBA in Business Analytics
NMIMS Global Access along with upGrad is holding a free online webinar on MBA Executive with specialisation in Business Analytics to empower learners with data analytics and business skills. The webinar gives learners an opportunity to interact with Mr Rajiv Shah, Director, NMIMS Global Access, Ronnie Screwvala, Co-founder (upGrad) and Mayank Kumar, Co-founder (upGrad).
https://events.upgrad.com/mba2.0-business-analytics-nmims?utm_source=brand&utm_medium=affiliate&utm_campaign=19july_inshorts
upGrad
Null
160
SC refuses to hear plea for conducting K'taka floor test today
The Supreme Court has declined to hear a plea by two Independent MLAs for conducting floor test in Karnataka Assembly today. The SC said it may consider it for hearing on July 23. After the floor test didn't take place despite two deadlines set by Governor Vajubhai Vala, the two Independent MLAs, who withdrew support to Congress-JD(S) government, moved SC.
https://twitter.com/ANI/status/1153172092311015424?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
161
Avengers beats Avatar's ₹19,250cr record to become top-grossing film
With earnings of $2.790 billion (₹19,257 crore) 'Avengers: Endgame' beat 'Avatar' in its 13th weekend of release to become the highest-grossing film of all time. 'Avatar', which held the record for 10 years, had total earnings of $2.789 billion (₹19,250 crore). "Thank you to...fans around the world who lifted Avengers: Endgame to these historic heights," said Disney co-chairman Alan Horn.
https://www.theguardian.com/film/2019/jul/21/avengers-endgame-tops-avatar-to-be-highest-grossing-film?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Guardian
Avengers: Endgame has surpassed Avatar to become the highest-grossing film of all time.
The Marvel Studios sequel, directed by Anthony and Joe Russo, earned over £2.3bn ($2.9bn) in revenue by Sunday, since being released in April. Avatar, directed by James Cameron, which was released in 2009, previously held the record as the highest grossing movie of all time , earning $2.79bn.
Alan Horn, co-chairman and chief creative officer of the Walt Disney Studios, said: “A huge congratulations to the Marvel Studios and Walt Disney Studios teams, and thank you to the fans around the world who lifted Avengers: Endgame to these historic heights.
“Of course, even with the passage of a decade, the impact of James Cameron’s Avatar remains as powerful as ever, and the astonishing achievements of both of these films are ongoing proof of the power of movies to move people and bring them together in a shared experience.”
Producer Kevin Feige announced the news at Comic Con on Saturday, saying it would be a “matter of days” before Endgame became “the biggest film in history” but added that “if you adjust for inflation, [James Cameron] still holds the title”.
Chris Hemsworth, who starred as Thor in Endgame, congratulated his team for the achievement in an Instagram post: “Thank you to all the fans around the world that lifted Avengers Endgame to historic heights making it the top grossing film of all time!”
Avengers: Endgame is the sequel to 2012’s The Avengers, 2015’s Avengers: Age of Ultron, and 2018’s Avengers: Infinity War and the 22nd film in the Marvel cinematic universe and the fourth blockbuster in the Avengers series.
The film, which was first released on 25 April stars Robert Downey Jr, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth. It earned $1.22bn in its initial April release, achieving the biggest global opening of all time.
... like you, are reading and supporting The Guardian’s independent, investigative journalism than ever before. And unlike many new organisations, we have chosen an approach that allows us to keep our journalism accessible to all, regardless of where they live or what they can afford. But we need your ongoing support to keep working as we do.
The Guardian will engage with the most critical issues of our time – from the escalating climate catastrophe to widespread inequality to the influence of big tech on our lives. At a time when factual information is a necessity, we believe that each of us, around the world, deserves access to accurate reporting with integrity at its heart.
Our editorial independence means we set our own agenda and voice our own opinions. Guardian journalism is free from commercial and political bias and not influenced by billionaire owners or shareholders. This means we can give a voice to those less heard, explore where others turn away, and rigorously challenge those in power.
We need your support to keep delivering quality journalism, to maintain our openness and to protect our precious independence. Every reader contribution, big or small, is so valuable. Support The Guardian from as little as $1 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
162
Muralitharan picked up 800th Test wicket on career's last ball
Former Sri Lankan off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan, the only player in Test cricket history to take 800 wickets, picked up his 800th wicket on the final ball of his Test career. Muralitharan dismissed India's Pragyan Ojha as his 800th Test wicket on July 22, 2010. Notably, Muralitharan is the fastest to pick 400, 500, 600, 700 and 800 Test wickets.
https://www.cricketcountry.com/articles/muttiah-muralitharan-one-of-a-kind-spin-wizard-25312?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Cricket Country
Null
163
Taapsee reacts to Rangoli calling her Kangana's 'sasti copy'
Speaking about Kangana Ranaut's sister Rangoli calling her Kangana's 'sasti copy', Taapsee Pannu said, "I didn't want to engage in a word battle because I won't be able to match their language." "I didn't know there was a copyright on curly hair...and honest opinions...Kangana claims to be the highest-paid actress, so I guess I am the "sasti" version," she added.
https://www.pinkvilla.com/entertainment/news/taapsee-pannu-responds-kangana-ranaut-s-sister-s-sasti-copy-jibe-says-can-t-play-nepotism-card-me-463093?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Pinkvilla
Null
164
Seniors purposely didn't perform, laughed after defeats: Naib
All-rounder Gulbadin Naib, who was Afghanistan's captain in 2019 World Cup, has claimed that his team's senior players didn't perform deliberately in the tournament. "They weren't giving attention to me. They laughed instead of being sad after defeats and didn't even look at me when asked to bowl," he added. Notably, Naib was removed from captaincy after the World Cup.
https://www.crictracker.com/seniors-were-not-performing-deliberately-during-world-cup-gulbadin-naib/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
CricTracker
Afghanistan endured an extremely tough time at the 2019 World Cup. They lost all nine matches at the competition despite coming extremely close to victory on as many as three occasions. Their captain Gulbadin Naib looked a bit out of ideas at times and was unable to handle the pressure and after the tournament, has been sacked from the helm. He has now made some serious allegations against the senior cricketers in the team stating that they didn’t support him during the tough times.
Afghanistan were found wanting in demanding conditions against the teams like England, Australia, New Zealand and others. But they fared really well against their Asian neighbours and dragged India extremely close losing the game by only 11 runs. Their encounter against Pakistan went down to the wire and at one stage, were the favourites to win the match.
Advertisement
But the team, especially Gulbadin Naib, crumbled under pressure and Imad Wasim and Wahab Riaz took Pakistan home in a tense chase.
Gulbadin Naib was made the captain of the team just ahead of the World Cup and even the players like Mohammad Nabi and Rashid Khan had expressed their disappointment over the same. While the skipper never came out with controversial statements during the tournament, he has now accused some of the senior cricketers that they were not playing well deliberately.
He also claimed that they didn’t support him on the field whenever he used to ask them to bowl at times. “We depend mostly on seniors in the World Cup but they were deliberately not performing, not giving attention to me, they were laughing instead of being sad after defeats & even not looking at me when asked to bowl,” Naib was quoted as saying by Afghanistan journalist.
"We depend mostly on seniors in @cricketworldcup but they were deliberately not performing,not giving attention to me,they were laughing instead of being sad after defeats & even not looking at me when asked to bowl"quoted by sport journalist @wasilwesal from ex captain @GbNaib pic.twitter.com/fI9QDSiueD
— M.ibrahim Momand (@IbrahimReporter) July 21, 2019

Gulbadin Naib has been sacked from captaincy now and Rashid Khan has been appointed the captain of the team across all the formats. He has assured the leg-spinner of all the required support and Rashid acknowledged the same in a tweet recently.

165
MSK Prasad reveals why Rayudu wasn't picked after injuries to players
Chief selector MSK Prasad has revealed that injured opener Shikhar Dhawan was replaced by Rishabh Pant instead of Ambati Rayudu during 2019 World Cup as the team already had a reserve opener in KL Rahul and required a left-hander. He added that when all-rounder Vijay Shankar was injured, they called in Mayank Agarwal as the team needed a back-up opener.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/msk-prasad-reveals-why-rishabh-pant-replaced-injured-shikhar-dhawan-in-world-cup-2019/story-VMyoDxs3eC42gvc7YKfxsJ.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
166
Keep sprinting, keep shining: President Kovind to Hima Das
Congratulating Hima Das for winning five gold medals in 19 days, President Ram Nath Kovind tweeted, "Three weeks, five gold medals! You're incredible, Hima...Keep sprinting, keep shining and may this success set the pace for glory at the 2020 Olympic Games." Meanwhile, PM Narendra Modi tweeted, "Congratulations to Hima and best wishes for her future endeavours."
Null
167
Dhoni still fit enough to play international cricket: Childhood coach
Reacting to the speculation around MS Dhoni's retirement, the former India captain's childhood coach Keshav Banerjee said, "Dhoni still has cricket left in him. I know that. He is still fit enough to play international cricket." "I feel they (selectors) should talk to Dhoni and make things clear...To me, he had a good World Cup and looked sharp," he added.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/ms-dhoni-s-childhood-coach-has-his-say-on-veteran-s-retirement-rumours/story-HUu797tt04PuTT9fEAf5BO.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
168
Grey sales of high-end phones causing ₹2,500 cr revenue loss: ICEA
The sale of high-end mobile phones in the grey market is causing an estimated loss of ₹2,500 crore annually, mobile industry body India Cellular and Electronics Association (ICEA) has claimed. It suggested imposing a maximum customs duty of ₹4,000 on handsets priced above ₹20,000 to stop the practice. Currently, a basic customs duty of 20% is imposed on imported handsets.
https://www.financialexpress.com/industry/grey-sales-of-high-end-phones-causing-revenue-loss-of-rs-2500-crore-icea/1651427/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Financial Express
Null
169
He was like my son: Ram Vilas Paswan on younger brother's demise
Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan's brother Ram Chandra Paswan passed away aged 57 after suffering a heart attack. "He was like my son. Even though he was my dear younger brother, I never regarded him as one. He was more like a son to me," Ram Vilas Paswan said. Ram Chandra Paswan was Member of Lok Sabha from Bihar's Samastipur.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/he-was-more-like-a-son-to-me-says-ram-vilas-paswan-on-younger-brothers-demise20190721190529/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
New Delhi [India], July 21 (ANI): Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan on Sunday expressed sorrow at the demise of his younger brother and Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) MP Ram Chandra Paswan, saying that he was more like a son to him.An emotional Ram Vilas told media: "He was like my son. Even though he was my dear younger brother, I never regarded him as one. He was more like a son to me.""We will go to Patna tomorrow by flight at 9:30 am. The cremation will take place in Patna on tomorrow evening," said Paswan.Ram Chandra Paswan passed away at RML Hospital here on Sunday.LJP MP Chirag Paswan, son of Ram Vilas Paswan, tweeted, "With great sadness, I inform you that my uncle Ram Chandra Paswan is no longer with us. He took his last breath at around 1:24 pm at Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital in New Delhi."Ram Chandra Paswan, 57, had suffered a massive heart attack on Thursday and was admitted to the hospital.Condoling the death, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Twitter, "Shri Ram Chandra Paswan Ji worked tirelessly for the poor and downtrodden. At every forum, he spoke unequivocally for the rights of farmers and youngsters. His social service efforts were noteworthy. Pained by his demise. Condolences to his family and supporters. Om Shanti."Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar also mourned the LJP MP's "untimely demise" and announced that the last rites would be performed with the state honours."Ramchandra Paswan was a good leader and well known social reformer. He was simple, sociable and very popular in his constituency. His demise is an irreplaceable loss for both society and politics. His last rites will be performed with the state honours," Kumar said in the statement. (ANI)
170
Narrate how BJP took you away forcefully: K'taka CM to rebel MLAs
Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy has asked rebel MLAs to return from Mumbai and "narrate how the BJP took them away forcefully". "I want to make it amply clear that I am not trying to cling onto power. My only intention...is to let the entire country know how the BJP...is trying to subvert the very principles of democracy," Kumaraswamy added.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/karnataka-govt-on-the-line-as-house-reconvenes-today/story-Uv3PFryYeOxH4hJsQPh2VO.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
171
Lightning strikes kill 32 in UP, CM Yogi announces ₹4L compensation
As many as 32 people were killed in Uttar Pradesh due to lightning on Sunday, said officials. Thirteen others were injured due to lightning, the statement added. Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has issued orders to the respective district magistrates to give a compensation of ₹4 lakh each to the families of the deceased.
https://www.timesnownews.com/india/article/monsoons-lightning-kills-32-in-a-single-day-in-up/457116?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Lucknow: As monsoons finally brought respite to many in northern India on Sunday, it brought immense grief for a few in Uttar Pradesh too. As many as 32 people were killed due to lightning incidents in Uttar Pradesh on July 21 (Sunday). Thirteen others were injured on the same day.
Just a day earlier at least one person died in the state due to lightning while two others died due to snake bites on July 18 and 20 respectively, the news agency PTI quoting an official statement said.
The lightning incidents that occurred on Sunday claimed seven lives each in Kanpur and Fatehpur, fice in Jhansi, four in Jalaun, three in Hamirpur and two in Ghazipur and one each in Jaunpur, Pratapgarh, Kanpur Dehat and Chitrakoot.
Among the three persons who died earlier, one was killed due to lightning in Deoria, while one lost his life to snake bite on in Kushinagar on Saturday. Yet another person died of a snake bite in Ambedkarnagar on July 18.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath expressed grief over the incidents and directed the district magistrates of the respective places to provide Rs 4 lakh in compensation to the next of kin of the victims. The UP CM also directed the authorities to ensure that adequate treatment in provided to those who were injured in the lightning incidents.
For Sunday, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) had predicted cloudy sky with a possibility of light rain accompanied by thundershowers in the national capital and heavy rainfall in isolated places in north interior Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and Karaikal, Telangana and Madhya Maharashtra today.


Down south in Kerala, the State  Disaster Management Authority has issued a "Red Alert" for Kasargod district for July 20-21, Idukki district for July 21 and Kannur, Wayanad, Kozhikode, Malappuram districts for July 22. It is issued when heavy to very heavy rainfall with a potential of causing floods are likely to lash an area.
172
Protestors raise slogans during Pakistan PM's speech in US
A video showing protestors raising slogans during Pakistan PM Imran Khan's speech in the US has surfaced online. The protestors raised slogans against Pakistan and in favour of an independent Balochistan during Khan's address. People from Balochistan living in the US have been raising their voice against alleged atrocities and human rights violations in Balochistan by Pakistani security forces.
https://twitter.com/ANI/status/1153126577456201733?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
173
Won't allow AC, TV for Nawaz Sharif in jail: Pak PM in US speech
During his speech at an indoor arena in the US, Pakistan PM Imran Khan said he won't allow AC and TV for former Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif in jail. "In a country where half the population has no AC or TV, what kind of punishment would this be?" Khan said. Sharif has been jailed over corruption charges.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/no-air-conditioning-tv-for-nawaz-sharif-in-jail-pakistan-pm-imran-khan-in-50-minute-speech-in-us/story-qb8I1dzjF6QZ17XY4HLpNP.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
174
Yukiya Amano, chief of UN nuclear watchdog IAEA, dies aged 72
Yukiya Amano, the Director General of UN nuclear watchdog International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), has passed away at the age of 72. Amano, a Japanese diplomat, was reappointed in 2017 to a third four-year term. Amano's health had declined since the IAEA announced last September that he had undergone an unspecified medical procedure.
https://www.iaea.org/newscenter/pressreleases/announcement?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
IAEA
Null
175
Bengali actress Rimjhim Mitra, two others join BJP
Bengali film and television actress Rimjhim Mitra and two others joined the BJP in the presence of state BJP President Dilip Ghosh. Mitra said that it's the first time she is "openly supporting" a party as she felt "cornered" working under the "monopolistic approach" in the Bengali film and TV industry. On July 18, several Bengali actors joined the party.
https://www.india.com/news/india/bengali-actor-rimjhim-mitra-two-others-join-bjp-in-presence-of-wb-party-president-3723538/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
India.com
Kolkata: Three days after 12 Bengali actors joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), film and television actress Rimjhim Mitra on Sunday became a part of the party. Actor Surojit Choudhury and model Pamela Goswami also followed suit.
Notably, Rimjhim is a popular TV actress who won ‘Jhalak Dikhla Jaa Bangla’ in 2013 and was also seen in Bigg Boss Bangla. She also made her mark in films, like ‘Teen Yaari Katha’ and ‘Cross Connection’.
“I am not happy working under the monopolistic approach in the Bengali film and TV industry. I have felt cornered many times and this is the first time I am openly talking about supporting a party. I have joined the BJP as I found it welcoming,” Rimjhim said after she was handed the BJP flag by its state President Dilip Ghosh.
On July 18, 12 Bengali actors, including Parno Mittra, joined the BJP. The actors had joined the party in the presence of state BJP chief Dilip Ghosh and senior leader Mukul Roy in Delhi. Film and TV personalities Rishi Kaushik, Kanchana Moitra, Rupanjana Mitra, Parno and Biswajit Ganguly were among the dozen of celebrities who cast their lot with the BJP at its Delhi headquarters.
On Saturday, Mukul Roy had claimed that as many as 107 CPM, Congress and TMC MLAs will be joining the BJP. “107 West Bengal MLAs from CPM, Congress and TMC will join BJP. We have their list prepared and they are in contact with us,” Roy had said.
Right after the Lok Sabha election results were announced, Banerjee suffered a jolt as two of her party’s MLAs and over 50 councillors joined hands with the BJP.
Besides, TMC MLAs Subhrangshu Roy (Son of BJP leader Mukul Roy) and Tusharkanti Bhattacharya, CPI(M)’s Debendra Nath Roy also defected to the saffron party in presence of senior leaders Mukul Roy and Kailash Vijayvargiya.
(With IANS inputs)
176
Beat forest officials if needed: Telangana BJP MP to tribals
Amid the afforestation drive being conducted by forest department personnel in Telangana, BJP MP Soyam Bapu Rao asked tribals to stop forest officials from planting saplings on their lands and if needed, "beat" them up. He added, "We were always fighting for...rights and there're many cases pending on us." Rao said tribals should fight against the government for their rights.
Null
177
4 held, 1,000 detonators, 5,000 gelatin rods seized in UP
The Anti Terrorist Squad (ATS) of the Uttar Pradesh Police arrested four people and confiscated a huge cache of explosives including 1,000 detonators and 5,000 gelatin rods in Jhansi, Superintendent of Police said. He added that the ATS conducted the operation along with the local police. He further said that two vehicles have also been seized by the police.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/up-ats-seizes-1000-detonators-5000-gelatin-rods-in-jhansi-4-arrested20190722034954/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Jhansi (Uttar Pradesh) [India], July 22 (ANI): The Anti-Terrorism Squad of Uttar Pradesh Police confiscated a huge cache of explosives including 1000 detonators and 5000 gelatin rods here at Uldan in Jhansi on Sunday.Four persons were arrested in connection with the case and two vehicles were seized. The ATS conducted the operation with the help of local police."Huge explosive material has been recovered and two vehicles have been seized. 1000 gelatin cells and 5000 rods were recovered. Four people are arrested. FIR is lodged in the case," said Sri Prakash Dwivedi, SP city, JhansiFurther investigation is underway. (ANI)
178
3 IEDs planted by Naxals recovered in Chhattisgarh: Police
Three Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs), weighing 15 kg, 9 kg and 5 kg and suspected to have been planted by Naxals, were recovered by security forces from Chhattisgarh's Bijapur, police said. The forces spotted the bombs during patrolling and a bomb disposal squad defused them immediately, the police added. Last week too, the police recovered three explosives from the area.
https://www.financialexpress.com/india-news/three-powerful-ieds-planted-by-naxals-recovered-in-chhattisgarhs-bijapur/1004223/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Financial Express
Null
179
People beat up man for smuggling 30 cattle in MP: Police
A man was beaten up by a group of people for smuggling 30 cattle in Madhya Pradesh's Katni, police said. In a video, the group of people can be seen freeing the cattle loaded in a truck and beating up the man with his hands tied with a rope. The police later arrested the man and seized the truck.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/man-beaten-up-for-smuggling-cattle-in-mps-katni20190722085339/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Katni (Madhya Pradesh) [India], July 22 (ANI): A man was beaten up by a group of people for smuggling cattle in Katni district of Madhya Pradesh, police said on Sunday.A viral video shows the group of men intercepting a truck and freeing the cattle loaded onto it and beating up a man, the smuggler, whose hands are tied with a rope.The smuggler was later arrested by the police while those who beat him up are on the run."We got information yesterday that a truck carrying 30 cattle was stopped. Our staff went to the spot and took action under Cattle Preservation Act and relevant Sections of the IPC. We seized the truck and arrested the man," Assistant Superintendent of Police Sandeep Mishra said.He further said that a case had also been registered under relevant Sections against the people who beat up the man."The first crime (cattle transportation) is more serious and we have clear instructions from the government that these crimes should be strictly dealt with," Mishra said adding that a thorough investigation into the matter was underway. (ANI)
180
Woman delivers baby on NDRF rescue boat in flood-hit Bihar
A woman delivered a baby girl on NDRF's rescue boat with the help of NDRF nursing assistant, ASHA workers and relatives in flood-hit Bihar, officials said. They added that the team was taking her to a health centre but decided to assess her on the boat after she reported severe labour pain. She was later admitted to the health centre.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/bihar-woman-delivers-baby-girl-on-ndrfs-rescue-boat20190721233553/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Motihari (Bihar) [India], July 21 (ANI): In flood-hit Motihari in Bihar, a woman delivered a baby girl in a National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) rescue boat on July 20.The condition of both mother and child are said to be stable.Sabeena Khatoon (41), a resident of Motihari's Gobri village, developed severe labour pain after which her family was trying to take her to a nearby primary health centre to seek emergency attendance.At the same time, a sub-team of NDRF under the leadership of assistant sub-inspector Vijay Jha was engaged in relief and rescue work in flood-affected areas of Bazaria.After receiving information about the pregnant woman suffering from labour pain, the NDRF team immediately reached the spot.With the help of relatives and ASHA workers, the NDRF team started making arrangements to take Sabeena to the health centre in a motorboat.Rana Pratap Yadav, the nursing assistant of NDRF, was also present on the boat.While taking her to the hospital, Sabeena started suffering severe labour pain and her situation turned critical. Keeping the emergency situation in mind, the NDRF team decided to assess the woman on the boat.With all possible efforts, the NDRF team consisting Nursing Assistant, ASHA workers and her relatives, Sabeena gave birth to a baby girl.The mother and her newborn girl were later taken and admitted to the health centre in Bazaria area. (ANI)
181
2 arrested for kidnapping and raping 11-yr-old in Hyderabad
Two persons were arrested for allegedly kidnapping and raping an 11-year-old girl in Telangana's Hyderabad, police said. The two raped the girl at a secluded building after luring her in the name of taking her to a theatre to watch a movie, the police added. Both the accused were caught by the locals outside the building, the police said.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/two-held-for-raping-minor-girl-in-hyderabad20190722061056/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Hyderabad (Telangana) [India], July 22 (ANI): Two persons have been arrested for allegedly raping an 11-year-old girl after kidnapping her, here on Saturday evening.According to police, the duo lured the minor in the name of taking her to a movie theatre for watching a film but instead took her to a secluded building and raped her.However, they were caught by the locals while coming out of the building after committing the dastardly act. The locals then handed the accused to the Police."After recording the statement of the minor girl a case under POCSO Act has been registered and the accused have been sent to Judicial remand on Sunday," said the police officer (ANI)
182
5 Bihar policemen arrested over bribe to release criminals
Five policemen of Bihar's Beur police station have been arrested for allegedly accepting a bribe to release criminals caught with stolen coins worth over ₹18 lakh. The policemen were reportedly given ₹1.5 lakh to release the criminals' seized vehicle and give them free passage. The driver of the private vehicle has also been arrested in connection with the case.
https://www.timesnownews.com/mirror-now/in-focus/article/bihar-five-police-officers-arrested-for-taking-bribe-to-release-criminals/457026?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Patna: Arrest of criminals by police for various offence is no surprise. But in Bihar, five police officers have been arrested for taking bribes to release criminals. The latest incident has come from Patna's Beur police station. 

 
The policemen were accused of releasing the criminals who were caught with stolen coins worth over Rs 18 lakh. The accused cops have been identified as Beur police station in-charge Pravesh Bharti, ASI Sunil Chaudhary, SSI Vinod Rai, home guards Vinod Sharma and Krishna Murari.
According to a report in news agency ANI, the cops took Rs 1.5 lakh bribe to release the vehicle seized by them.
"The arrested cops took a bribe of Rs 1.5 lakh to release the car which they seized on the intervening night of July 15 and 16. The criminals were later given free passage after they offered a bribe to the police officers patrolling the area," the report quoted Rajesh Kumar, DIG Central Range, Patna, as saying.
Police said they have also arrested the driver of the seized vehicle in connection with the case. DIG Rajesh Kumar also said that strict action will be initiated against the guilty police officers for gross misconduct during the duty. Police have filed an FIR in the case and a probe is underway into the matter.
 
Six police officers were arrested for allegedly torturing and gang raping a woman in Churu district of Rajasthan on July 16. The timeline of the case states that on July 3, a Dalit man was arrested on the suspicion of theft and days after he allegedly died in police custody. Meanwhile, his sister-in-law was also detained by the police and was kept in illegal custody for days. Reportedly, her nails were pulled out from her hands and feet after which she was allegedly brutally gang-raped by the police officers within the police station premises.
A police constable was arrested for allegedly raping his six-year-old daughter in Chhattisgarh's Raigarh district in April this year. As per the complaint filed by the 45-year-old accused's wife, he allegedly raped the child at their home in the city on March 29 and threatened her of dire consequences if she disclosed the crime to anyone. The girl, however, later told her mother about the incident.
183
Air India stops hiring, promotions before stake sale: Report
Air India, laden with ₹58,000-crore debt, has reportedly frozen promotions and fresh appointments of employees ahead of the government's plan to divest stake in the airline. Reports said the carrier's books of accounts have been closed till July 15 and these financials would be used while seeking bids. The government aims to complete Air India's disinvestment within next four-five months.
Null
184
Dhoni must be left free to play as long as he wants to: Harsha Bhogle
Reacting to the speculation around MS Dhoni's retirement, commentator Harsha Bhogle said that Dhoni must be left free to play as long as he wants to. "It is the selectors who must take a call on his future as an India player. But this call must emerge from discussion with Dhoni. The greats command that respect," he added.
https://twitter.com/bhogleharsha/status/1152865573430124544?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
185
Shubman Gill will have to wait for his turn: MSK Prasad
Talking about 19-year-old Shubman Gill, who failed to make the cut in squads for West Indies tour, BCCI chief selector MSK Prasad has said that the batsman will have to wait for his turn. "He was given an opportunity when KL Rahul was out against New Zealand," he added. Gill had played two ODIs against New Zealand, scoring 16 runs.
https://www.cricketcountry.com/news/india-vs-west-indies-2019-shubman-gill-will-have-to-wait-for-his-turn-msk-prasad-871036?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Cricket Country
Null
186
A legend like MS Dhoni knows when to retire: Chief selector Prasad
Talking about speculation surrounding MS Dhoni's retirement, chief selector MSK Prasad said that a legendary cricketer like Dhoni knows when to retire. "Retirement is purely individual...but as far as the future roadmap is considered, that is in the hands of the selectors," he added. Prasad added that the selection committee wants to groom Rishabh Pant.
https://www.crictracker.com/a-legend-like-ms-dhoni-knows-when-to-retire-msk-prasad/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
CricTracker
Team India’s much-awaited squads for the upcoming West Indies tour were announced on Sunday and MS Dhoni‘s name was missing from both ODI and T20I teams. On Saturday, the news broke through that the veteran had made himself unavailable for the tour and since the World Cup, a lot is being said about his retirement. Expectedly, the chief selector MSK Prasad was asked a question on Dhoni’s retirement when he addressed the media.
Various reports have surfaced over the last couple of weeks speculating the MS Dhoni’s future and it was reported that the experienced player will be part of the team to groom Rishabh Pant. People close to him claimed that he will be playing the T20 World Cup next year while Dhoni’s parents wanted him to retire. However, MSK Prasad is of the opinion that taking a retirement is purely an individual call.
Advertisement
He also stressed the fact that a player of the stature of MS Dhoni understands when to call it quits. “A legend like MS Dhoni knows when to retire. Retirement is a purely individual call,” MSK Prasad said when asked about the 38-year-old’s retirement.
There is no doubt that MS Dhoni has played his last game at the World Cup and Rishabh Pant will take over the gloves from him when the former will retire. MSK Prasad cleared that they have laid down a few plans and one of them is grooming Pant. He also cleared that Dhoni made himself unavailable for the West Indies which clears the air about him being dropped.
“He’s unavailable for this series but we had certain roadmaps&plans till WC. Subsequently, we’ve laid down a few more plans&thought of giving as many opportunities to Pant & to see he is groomed. This is our plan right now,” the chief selector further added. With Team India set to face South Africa from September 15, anything about MS Dhoni’s future will be known before that series now.

187
Getting call from Sachin dream come true: Hima after winning 5 golds
India's 19-year-old sprinter Hima Das, who won five international golds within 19 days, took to Twitter to reveal Sachin Tendulkar called her to congratulate. "Today evening was like a dream come true for me, have got a call from the god of cricket and my inspiration @sachin_rt sir. Thank you sir for your good wishes and inspirational words," she wrote.
https://twitter.com/HimaDas8/status/1152967598595817474?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
188
Who is Rahul Chahar, 1999-born called up to India squad for 1st time?
Leg-spinner Rahul Chahar, who has been called up to India squad for the first time, was born in Rajasthan's Bharatpur on August 4, 1999. The 19-year-old used to play with his cousin Deepak Chahar in Agra before both moved out to pursue cricket professionally. Rahul, who was bought by Mumbai Indians for ₹1.9 crore, took 13 wickets in IPL 2019.
http://www.newindianexpress.com/sport/cricket/2019/jul/21/india-squads-for-wi-tour-announced-rohit-sharma-returns-to-test-team-rishabh-pant-keeper-in-all-3-2007276.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The New Indian Express
MUMBAI: Opener Shikhar Dhawan Sunday returned to India's limited-overs squad after recovering from a thumb injury while Rishabh Pant was picked in all three formats for the West Indies tour as the selectors braced up for life beyond Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
Former India captain Dhoni, who is at the business end of his illustrious career, has made himself "unavailable" for the West Indies tour but ruled out immediate retirement.
Speculations over Captain Virat Kohli being rested for the tour were put to rest as the batting mainstay will lead India across formats.
ALSO READ | Life after MS Dhoni: MSK Prasad backs young Rishabh Pant for all three formats
Rookie leg-spinner Rahul Chahar emerged as the lone new face across three formats for the upcoming overseas assignments, while all-rounder Hardik Pandya has been rested for the tour. Also coming back into the ODI squad are Shreyas Iyer and Manish Pandey.
Promising batsman Shubman Gill, though, missed out on selection.
The squads for the T20, ODI and Test series were announced by the MSK Prasad-led selection committee.
A notable inclusion was veteran keeper-batsman Wriddhiman Saha, who is back in the Test squad after undergoing a shoulder surgery for an injury, sustained during the 2018 IPL.
Saha last played a Test match in South Africa in January 2018.
Rajasthan leg-spinner Chahar has been rewarded for his consistent show in the IPL and domestic cricket with a berth in the Twenty20 squad. He is the younger cousin of seamer Deepak, who is also in the T20 squad.
From the World Cup squad, the prominent player to be dropped is Dinesh Karthik, while Hardik and Jasprit Bumrah have been rested as a part of the board's workload management programme.
Bumrah, though, is part of the Test squad.
Quite a few of the players were picked based on their performance for India A recently.
"We have taken India A performances into consideration. In the longer format, KS Bharat was very, very close to get selected. We have an unwritten norm that when an established cricketer is injured, he should get a comeback opportunity. That's what we have given to Saha," chief selector Prasad said.
Pant, who was included in India's World Cup campaign after Vijay Shankar's toe injury, has been named in the squad across all three formats.
Dhawan, whose World Cup journey was cut short due to a thumb fracture during the second group game against Australia, has been declared fit.
Bhuvneshwar Kumar will spearhead the attack in the shortest format with Mohammed Shami joining him for the three ODIs. Dehli pacer Navdeep Saini has been included in the limited overs side while Deepak Chahar was picked for the T20Is.
The selection panel also went for left-arm pacer Khaleel Ahmed for the limited overs leg.
"Rishabh, Wriddhiman and K S Bharat are some of the players we will be looking ahead for Test cricket."
"We had certain plans for the World Cup but after that we have to give opportunities to youngsters who will go on to play for long," Prasad said of the the young faces in the limited overs squads.
The young Prithvi Shaw was not part of the squad as he is recovering from an injury.
The tour will kick off with a three-match Twenty20 series (August 3, 4, 6) and will be followed by a three-match ODI series (August 8, 11, 14). The tour will conclude with a two-Test series (August 22-26 and August 30- September 3).
ODI Squad: Virat Kohli (captain), Rohit Sharma (vice-captain), Shikhar Dhawan, KL Rahul, Shreyas Iyer, Manish Pandey, Rishabh Pant (wk), Ravindra Jadeja, Kuldeep Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal, Kedar Jadhav, Mohammed Shami, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Khaleel Ahmed, Navdeep Saini
T20I Squad: Virat Kohli (captain), Rohit Sharma (vice-captain), Shikhar Dhawan, KL Rahul, Shreyas Iyer, Manish Pandey, Rishabh Pant (WK), Krunal Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Washington Sundar, Rahul Chahar, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Khaleel Ahmed, Deepak Chahar, Navdeep Saini
Test squad: Virat Kohli (Captain), Ajinkya Rahane (VC), Mayank Agarwal, KL Rahul, Cheteshwar Pujara, Hanuma Vihari, Rohit Sharma, Rishabh Pant (WK) Wriddhiman Saha (WK), Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Kuldeep Yadav, Ishant Sharma, Mohammed Shami, Jasprit Bumrah, Umesh Yadav
189
MS Dhoni's request to train with Army approved: Reports
MS Dhoni's request to train with Indian Army has been approved by Army chief General Bipin Rawat, as per reports. The 38-year-old would train with Parachute Regiment battalion and some part of his training is also expected to take place in J&K, reports added. The Army won't allow Dhoni to be part of any active operation, reports further stated.
https://twitter.com/ANI/status/1152953133980684289?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
190
Pain of losing a mother cannot be erased: Sheila Dikshit's son
After his mother's demise, son of former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit said, "It's natural that I'll miss her. The pain of losing a mother cannot be erased." Sandeep Dikshit further said, "Whenever people will talk of new, modern and progressive Delhi, Sheila ji will always be remembered." Sheila Dikshit passed away on Saturday at the age of 81.
https://twitter.com/ANI/status/1152583178697265152?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1152583178697265152&utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Findianexpress.com%2Farticle%2Findia%2Fsheila-dikshit-dead-live-updates-5839314%2F&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
191
Not a single girl was born in 132 villages of U'khand in last 3 months
As per official data, no girls were born in the last three months in 132 villages in Uttarakhand's Uttarkashi district. A total of 216 children were born in the district in the time period. District Magistrate Ashish Chauhan said that a detailed survey and study will be conducted to identify the reason behind it.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/no-girl-born-in-132-villages-of-uttarkashi-district-in-uttarakhand-in-last-3-months/story-ZZE9w3HC4CvDUZjXsJIcPO.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
192
UP businessman pays ₹32,380 bail of 17 prisoners on his 73rd b'day
Uttar Pradesh businessman Motilal Yadav on his 73rd birthday on Saturday deposited ₹32,380 bail money for 17 Agra prisoners who couldn't afford it. Yadav's son suggested him to do something for them after reading about a businessman who donated steel glasses to prisoners. "My younger son, an advocate, suggested I should pay the penalty amount of the inmates," Yadav added.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/on-73rd-birthday-businessman-gifts-freedom-to-17-jail-inmates/story-RPPWDe4ZwSOiWI4mq7G7YP.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
193
Swaraj responds to troll who said she will be remembered after death
Ex-External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj responded to a troll who said that she would be missed after she passes away just like three-time Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit. "I thank you in anticipation of this kind thought," Swaraj wrote. The troll had commented on Swaraj's Twitter post, where she expressed her condolences over demise of ex-Delhi BJP chief Mange Ram Garg.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/sushma-swaraj-gives-befitting-reply-to-twitter-troll20190721175744/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
New Delhi [India], July 21 (ANI): Former External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Sunday gave a befitting reply to a troll on Twitter, which said that she would be missed after she passes away just like Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit. "Aap ki bhi boht yaad ayegi ek din #SheilaDixit Ji ki tarah Amma (you will be missed one day just like Sheila Dikshit)," the man said in a reply to Sushma's Twitter post, where she had expressed her condolences over the demise of former BJP president Mange Ram Garg.To this, the 67-year-old leader said: "I thank you in anticipation for this kind thought."Dikshit, who died at 3.55 pm at a hospital on Saturday, had served as Delhi's Chief Minister for three consecutive terms between 1998 and 2013.She was cremated with full state honours at the national capital's oldest cremation ground -- Nigambodh Ghat -- on Sunday. As per her wish, the Congress leader was laid to rest at the CNG run crematorium. (ANI)
194
15-yr-old runs away, visits 10 cities in 18 days inspired by video game
Inspired by Taxi Driver 2 game, a 15-year-old girl visited 10 cities, including Rishikesh and Pune, in 18 days after she went missing from her home in Uttarakhand's Udham Singh Nagar. The girl told the police that she decided to play the game's character in real life. A police patrol traced the girl at Delhi's Kamla Nagar market area.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/inspired-by-mobile-game-u-khand-teen-visits-10-cities-in-18-days-police/story-pRARfqewFeAYP5WsS410JO.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
195
Cried out of happiness after Barcelona move: Griezmann
French forward Antoine Griezmann has revealed that he cried out of happiness after completing his move to Barcelona from Atletico Madrid. "I was with my friends, with my wife, with my children and it was an incredible moment," the 28-year-old revealed. Griezmann scored 133 goals in 257 appearances for Atletico since he joined them in 2014 from Real Sociedad.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/football/antoine-griezmann-cried-with-joy-after-sealing-barcelona-move/story-aqt6ic45Vw6X56ciq6ErvL.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
196
Kane scores from near half-line to hand Spurs 3-2 win vs Juve
Tottenham's Harry Kane scored from near the half-line in the 93rd minute to hand his side a 3-2 win over Juventus in their International Champions Cup 2019 match. For Juventus, former Real Madrid teammates Gonzalo Higuain and Cristiano Ronaldo were on target. "Good to be back," the England captain later tweeted after the end of the match.
https://www.internationalchampionscup.com/en/matches/24db79a698166186972c4d02/juventus-vs-tottenham-hotspur?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Int'l Champions Cup
Null
197
I'll be happy If I'm half as good as Michael Hussey: Carey
Australia wicketkeeper-batsman Alex Carey termed former batsman Michael Hussey "an incredible player", adding, "If I'm half as good as him, I'll be happy." The 27-year-old stated that batting through different circumstances in the 2019 World Cup gave him "good learning experiences". "I'm just trying to make my mark currently," added Carey, who accumulated 375 runs in 2019 World Cup.
https://www.cricketcountry.com/news/if-im-half-as-good-as-michael-hussey-ill-be-happy-alex-carey-870851?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Cricket Country
Null
198
Sumit to play maiden ATP 500 event, qualifies for Hamburg Open
Indian tennis player Sumit Nagal on Sunday assured himself of a maiden appearance in the main draw of an ATP 500 tournament after qualifying for the Hamburg European Open. Before this qualification, the 205-ranked Nagal, competed in the main draw of the ATP 250 Maharashtra Open in 2018 as a qualifier.
Null
199
Only one Pandya but both Chahars in T20 squad, tweets user
Following the announcement of the teams for the Windies tour, broadcaster Gaurav Kalra tweeted, "only one Pandya but both Chahars in T20 squad." Other users reacted with tweets like, "Lots of all-rounders in the squad. Straight shoot out between Krunal and Jadeja for when Hardik returns?" and "If an unfit Shikhar is picked why not an unfit Vijay Shankar."
https://www.crictracker.com/twitter-reactions-mayank-agarwal-not-included-in-the-indias-odi-squad-for-west-indies-tour/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
CricTracker
India’s squads for the three series in the West Indies starting with three T20Is on August 3 were announced on Sunday, 11 days after the team crashed out of the 2019 World Cup. The Chief selector MSK Prasad announced the squads at a press conference in Mumbai and a number of changes were made – especially in the limited-overs squads.
Speculation of regular captain Virat Kohli taking a break from the T20Is and ODIs was buried as he was named as the skipper for all the three formats. India will play three T20Is and as many ODIs before the two-match Test series starts on August 22.
Advertisement
Ace pacer Jasprit Bumrah was rested for the limited-over series though he will join the Test squad. Manish Pandey, who is leading India ‘A’ in the West Indies at the moment, was picked for both the T20Is and ODI squads. Chahar brothers – Rahul and Deepak – made it along with Krunal Pandya while Washington Sundar made a return.
However, the selection committee failed to impress many who thought Mayank Agarwal also deserved a call-up in the ODI squad. The 28-year-old batsman from Karnataka was recently picked in India’s World Cup squad in England as a replacement for an injured Vijay Shankar though he did not get a game. The selection sparked controversy as standby batsman Ambati Rayudu was ignored and after being snubbed, he retired from cricket altogether.
Mayank’s selection for the World Cup squad had raised quite a few eyebrows since the man is yet to play for India in an ODI. He was picked for India’s Test squad in Australia last year and played two vital 70-run knocks in both the matches he played. But now, after the man had already featured in an ODI squad and that too at the World Cup, questions are being asked why he was left out.
Mayank has played in 75 List ‘A’ games in which he has amassed 3605 runs at an impressive average of with 12 centuries and 14 half-centuries and looks a decent enough player to be part of the team.













200
I'll be back as CM after Maharashtra polls: Devendra Fadnavis
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday announced that he will return for a second term, adding that the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance will continue for the state Assembly elections. "I am not just the Chief Minister of BJP. I am also Shiv Sena's CM, Republican Party of India's CM and Rashtriya Samaj Paksha's CM," Fadnavis said.
Null
201
BJP won LS polls by using EVMs, CRPF and EC: Mamata
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee claimed that the BJP won the general elections by using EVMs, CRPF, Central Police and Election Commission. She alleged that the workers of the BJP are trying to capture TMC's offices and beating up workers. Mamata also accused the BJP of indulging in horse-trading by offering "₹2 crore and a petrol pump" to TMC MLAs.
https://www.india.com/news/india/martyrs-day-rally-bjp-won-ls-polls-by-cheating-using-evms-and-crpf-claims-mamata-3723118/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
India.com
New Delhi: West Bengal Chief Minister and Trinamool Congress Supremo Mamata Banerjee on Sunday claimed that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) won the Lok Sabha elections by cheating by using EVMs, CRPF and Central Police and Election Commission.
“In Lok Sabha elections they won by cheating- by using EVMs, CRPF and Central Police & Election Commission. We want change, not revenge. You won 18 seats and are blowing your trumpet. When we had won 26 seats in the past, we didn’t take over any party office. We won with our hard work: ,” Banerjee said while addressing TMC annual Martyrs’ Day rally in Kolkata.
Banerjee also accused the ruling party of indulging in horse-trading. “The BJP is offering Rs 2 crore and a petrol pump to our MLAs to switch over. Just like in Karnataka, the BJP is indulging in horse-trading everywhere,” she alleged.
Furthermore, the Chief Minister asserted that she will request the Election Commission to conduct Panchayat and Municipal elections through ballot paper. “Do not forget that the EVMs were earlier used in England, France, Germany and America. But they have now stopped using them…. So why cannot we bring the ballot papers back?” she asked.
The TMC holds the Martyrs’ Day rally every year on July 21 in the memory of the 13 Youth Congress activists, who were killed in 1993 police firing during a political demonstration led by Mamata. Banerjee was a leader of the Youth Congress at that time and the Left Front was in power in West Bengal.
202
Most mob lynching cases are fake: Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi
Union Minister for Minority Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi on Sunday said that most cases of mob lynching in the country are concocted and fake. Naqvi was responding to a question about Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan's statement of Muslims being punished for not migrating to Pakistan after 1947. Congress's Randeep Surjewala criticised Naqvi saying BJP is trying to shield culprits.
https://www.thequint.com/news/india/most-lynching-cases-are-fake-mukhtar-abbas-naqvi?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Quint
Union Minister for Minority Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi told India Today on Sunday, 21 July that most of the cases of lynching are fake
This was in response to India Today’s question on Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan’s statement of Muslims “serving a sentence” after the Partition.
Khan had said, “If Muslims went to Pakistan, they would not get this punishment. Why our ancestors did not go to Pakistan? They regarded India as their own country. Now they will be punished and they will have to endure,” adding that the Muslims of this country had been living a very “disgusting life”.
Naqvi’s statement’s was criticised by senior Congress leader Randeep Surjewala who accused the BJP of protecting the accused.
Quoting Surjewala, India Today reported, “BJP doesn’t feel anything for the minorities. Everyone in the ruling party is trying to shield the culprits.”
Since 2015, 98 people have been victims of mob lynchings across India. According to Indiaspend, 84% of the victims of lynchings due to cow-related violence were Muslims.
Naqvi isn’t alone when it comes to downplaying cases of mob lynchings.
Recently, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar told The Print that the Saran lynching incident of two tribal men and a Muslim man shouldn’t be viewed as a case of “mob lynching” as three victims “had been caught stealing cattle”.
Kumar told The Print, “It is an unfortunate incident. But it should not be seen as mob lynching. Those killed were Nats (a Scheduled Tribe group) and those who killed them belong to downtrodden classes. The incident occurred when the three were caught red-handed stealing cattle. It resulted in angry villagers beating them up leading to their deaths. It is basically an incident arising due to local development.”
Another minister of the JD(U)-BJP state government said that it was a case of “law and order” since the victims weren’t forced to chant Jai Shri Ram.
(The Quint will no longer be on WhatsApp, owing to changes in its policies regarding news publishers. You can now get the latest news updates on our Telegram channel. For handpicked stories every day, subscribe to us on Telegram.)
203
No one can touch Article 370 until Kashmir issue resolved: Farooq
National Conference President Farooq Abdullah on Saturday said that until the issue of Kashmir is resolved, no power on earth can touch Article 370. He further said, "If Article 35-A is annulled, then all the successive presidential orders will get annulled automatically." "It was the then Maharaja who gave the state subject rights to its people in 1927," Abdullah added.
https://www.timesnownews.com/india/article/no-power-on-earth-can-touch-article-370-until-kashmir-issue-is-resolved-former-cm-farooq-abdullah/456837?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Null
204
Central agencies threatening TMC leaders to join BJP: Mamata
West Bengal Chief Minister and TMC supremo Mamata Banerjee on Sunday alleged that central agencies are threatening TMC leaders over chit fund scams if they don't join the BJP. "They are offering ₹2 crore and a petrol pump to our MLAs to switch," Mamata said. "Just like in Karnataka, the BJP is involved in horse-trading everywhere," Mamata further said.
https://www.thequint.com/news/politics/martyrs-day-rally-in-kolkata-mamata-banerjee?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Quint
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Sunday, 21 July, alleged that central agencies are threatening TMC leaders and elected representatives with prison term in chit fund scam cases, if they don't join the BJP.
Addressing the Martyrs' Day rally in Kolkata, the Trinamool Congress (TMC) chief accused the saffron party of luring TMC MLAs with money and other perks.
Also Read : Mamata Banerjee’s Ishrat Conundrum: To Support Or Not To Support?
"The BJP is offering Rs 2 crore and a petrol pump to our MLAs to switch over... Just like in Karnataka, the BJP is indulging in horse trading everywhere. It is trying to replicate this model here, too," she alleged.
Reacting to her allegations, West Bengal BJP president Dilip Ghosh dared Banerjee to name the CBI officers who had allegedly threatened TMC leaders to join the saffron camp. She, however, had not named any central agency.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and the Enforcement Directorate (ED) are separately probing two multi-crore-rupee Ponzi scheme cases in West Bengal.
MAMATA SAYS RAIL SERVICES CURTAILED, RAILWAYS REFUTES CHARGE
She also claimed rail services were curtailed to stop people from attending her rally, even as the Railways maintained that it was running a number of special trains in addition to the ones scheduled for the day.
RETURN BALLOT PAPERS: MAMATA CALLS LOK SABHA ELECTIONS A ‘MYSTERY’
She also requested the EC to conduct Panchayat and Municipal elections with ballot paper instead of EVMs.
“We tell the BJP, first return the black money you used in the elections. Return the black money and cut money – all that you have taken till now – and used for winning elections,” Banerjee said.
Banerjee’s nephew, Abhishek Banerjee also joined her call against EVMs in the rally.
He said, “Return democracy, we want ballots not (EVM) machines.”
WHY IS THIS SIGNIFICANT?
The Martyrs' Day rally is organised by the party every year on July 21 in the memory of 13 Youth Congress activists killed in police firing in 1993 during the Left Front regime in West Bengal. Banerjee was a leader of the Youth Congress at that time.
This time rally is being held in the backdrop of BJP's impressive performance in the Lok Sabha polls in which the party won 18 of the 42 seats in the state, only four less than the ruling TMC.
Also Read : HC Begins Hearing Plea of Former Kolkata Top Cop Rajeev Kumar
THE CONFLICT
BJP state president and MP Dilip Ghosh directed party workers to not allow TMC leaders to leave for Kolkata to participate in the rally if they did not return the "cut money" they had collected from people.
Following this, TMC leader and minister Chandrima Bhattacharya lodged an FIR against Ghosh.
TMC MP and Mamata’s nephew Abhishek Banerjee, speaking to The Quint, said that BJP will “not be allowed to divide Bengal.”
Around 5,000 policemen will be deployed to look after security at the rally and maintain normality.
Also Read : The Many Missteps of Mamata Banerjee in the Ongoing Doctors Crisis
(With inputs from PTI)
(The Quint will no longer be on WhatsApp, owing to changes in its policies regarding news publishers. You can now get the latest news updates on our Telegram channel. For handpicked stories every day, subscribe to us on Telegram.)
205
Priyanka can lead Cong, non-Gandhi will cause split: Natwar
Former External Affairs Minister Natwar Singh on Sunday said that the decision of becoming Congress President lies with Priyanka Gandhi, adding that a non-Gandhi chief will cause the party to split. Natwar further said, "Earlier, [Rahul Gandhi] had said that nobody from the Gandhi family will become the Congress president." Only the Gandhi family can reverse the decision, Natwar added.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/priyanka-capable-of-leading-congress-non-gandhi-will-cause-party-to-split-natwar-singh20190721174036/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
By  Ashoke Raj New Delhi [India], July 21 (ANI): With the Congress leadership in limbo after the resignation of Rahul Gandhi, party veteran Natwar Singh on Sunday joined the chorus backing Priyanka Gandhi Vadra for the top post, adding that having a non-Gandhi at the helm will cause the party to split.Praising Priyanka for her visit to Sonbhadra to meet victims of a firing incident, the former external affairs minister told ANI that she is capable of handling the party. "You must have witnessed what she did in a village in Uttar Pradesh. It was amazing. She stayed there and achieved what she wanted to," he said.Singh suggested that Rahul's decision of a having someone from outside the Gandhi family as the party chief will have to be reversed.On being asked if Priyanka would be elected as the party president, the Congressman said, "It will depend on Priyanka because her brother (Rahul Gandhi) had said that nobody from the Gandhi family will become the Congress president. Now, the family will have to reverse the decision and only they can do it."Earlier, Anil Shastri, son of former prime minister Lal Bahadur Shastri, had said that Priyanka Gandhi should be made the Congress president as no one other than her is "100 per cent acceptable".Shastri, speaking to ANI, had also warned that if somebody else is made the supremo and a section of the outfit does not accept them, chances are that the party will disintegrate.Natwar Singh echoed similar sentiments and said that if anyone is elected from outside the Gandhi family, the Congress will split within 24 hours."It is unfortunate that the country's 134-years-old party does not have a party president. I do not think apart from the Gandhi family, anyone should be elected as the president," Singh added.Around 50 days after Rahul stepped down as Congress president, taking moral responsibility for the humiliating defeat in the Lok Sabha elections, the grand old party is yet to finalize its new chief.Gandhi, now a lawmaker from Wayanad in Kerala, became the Congress president in 2017. He had, earlier this month, written a lengthy four-page letter making his resignation from the post public. Taking responsibility for the drubbing in Lok Sabha polls, Rahul had said it would not be right for him to suggest a successor.At present Congress in Goa has completely lost foot, after 10 of its MLAs switched side with the BJP. This has reduced its strength to five in the Assembly.Similarly, in Karnataka, the situation is equally embarrassing for the party, as its coalition government with JD(S) is facing a tough time. The government had slumped into a crisis following the resignation of 16 dissident MLAs and now its survival seems to be tough.The Congress won 52 seats in the recent general elections, which is just eight more than its 2014 Lok Sabha tally of 44. (ANI)
206
3 dead, 404 cases of dengue & malaria confirmed in Dakshina Kannada
Three people have died and 404 cases of dengue and malaria have been confirmed in Karnataka's Dakshina Kannada district, an official said on Sunday. The district administration and health department have set up a command centre to reduce the breeding source of the dengue virus-carrying mosquito and to take measures to prevent human contact with the mosquito, added the official.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/3-dead-404-dengue-and-malaria-cases-detected-in-dakshina-kannada20190721163646/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Mangaluru (Karnataka) [India], July 21 (ANI): Three people died and as many as 404 cases of dengue and malaria have been detected in Dakshina Kannada district, officials said on Sunday.Speaking to ANI, Deputy Commissioner of Dakshina Kannada district Sasikanth Senthil said, "Due to the peculiar weather condition in the city, we are seeing a spurt in the cases of fever since July 1. As many as 404 dengue and malaria cases have been detected, of which we've suspected three cases where dengue fatalities occurred.""In the last three weeks, there is a spike in the number of patients admitted to various hospitals due to viral fever. The blood samples of patients suspected of having dengue have been collected and sent for testing," he added.Senthil said the district administration and health department have constituted special teams to tackle the situation.Data compiled by the Health Ministry has revealed that at least 8,058 positive dengue cases with eight deaths, and 14404 cases of Chikungunya have been reported from across the country till June 30 this year.A total of 66,313 Malaria cases have also been reported from across the country till May 31 this year, according to available data. (ANI)
207
260 held for drinking in public in Noida and Greater Noida
Uttar Pradesh Police held as many as 260 people for drinking alcohol in public places and creating nuisance in Noida and Greater Noida on Saturday night. The violators were released only after furnishing bail bonds, police added. In a similar anti-liquor drive conducted on Friday night, the district police arrested 36 people for drinking in public.
Null
208
12 Rohingya Muslims stopped from entering Tripura: BSF
The Border Security Force (BSF) on Saturday said that at least 12 Rohingya Muslims were stopped from entering Indian territory through Tripura from Bangladesh. Officials seized biscuits and soft drinks from their possession which were provided at a refugee camp in Bangladesh. Over 250 Rohingya Muslims have reportedly been detained during the past year from different parts of the Northeast.
https://www.thequint.com/news/india/12-rohingya-muslims-stopped-from-entering-tripura-thrpugh-bangladesh?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Quint
The Border Security Force (BSF) on Saturday, 20 June, said the force has thwarted the attempt of at least 12 Rohingya Muslims to enter Indian territory through Tripura from Bangladesh.
Two men, five women and as many children had tried to enter Sipahijala district, about 50 km from Tripura.
A company commander-level flag meeting was held two days back on this with Border Guards Bangladesh (BGB) which was followed by a battalion commander-level meeting, he said.
"We have seized biscuits and soft drinks from their (Rohingyas') possession, which were manufactured in Bangladesh. These were provided by the World Food Programme, at Cox's Bazar refugee camp in Bangladesh," he said.
According to sources in the BSF and the police, over 250 Rohingya Muslims have been detained during the past one year from different parts of the Northeast, which shares a 2,000-km long border with the neighbouring country.
(The Quint will no longer be on WhatsApp, owing to changes in its policies regarding news publishers. You can now get the latest news updates on our Telegram channel. For handpicked stories every day, subscribe to us on Telegram.)
209
LIC offers to lend ₹1.25 lakh cr by 2024 for highway project: Gadkari
State-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has agreed to offer ₹1.25 lakh crore line of credit by 2024 to fund government's ₹8.41 lakh crore Bharatmala Project for constructing highways, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari said. LIC has offered ₹25,000 crore in a year's time, he added. Project will be funded through toll revenue, market borrowings and insurance funds, among others, Gadkari said.
https://www.livemint.com/news/india/lic-offers-rs-1-25-tn-line-of-credit-by-2024-to-fund-highway-projects-gadkari-1563697109368.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
New Delhi: As part of innovative modes of financing to meet India's huge infrastructure appetite, insurance giant LIC has agreed to offer  ₹1.25 lakh crore line of credit by 2024, to fund highway projects, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari said.
Keen on timely execution of the  ₹8.41 lakh crore ambitious Bharatmala project that aims to lay a grid of highways pan-India, the Road Transport and Highways Ministry has been looking to harness various sources of finances including pension and insurance funds.
"LIC has offered us  ₹25,000 crore in a year and  ₹1.25 lakh crore in five years… They have agreed in principle. We will rope in these funds in highways construction," Gadkari told PTI in an interview here.
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) Chairman R Kumar had called on Gadkari last week.
The Minister said that the line of credit will be used to fund the ambitious Bharatmala project, the revised cost of which has reached  ₹8.41 lakh crore.
Bhartmala was approved initially at a cost of  ₹5.35 lakh crore, which was risen later on account of land acquisition costs. In the first phase, 34,800 km including 10,000 kilometres of balance NHDP (National Highways Development Project) will be upgraded.
Gadkari said the Bharatmala programme will be funded through cess, toll revenue, market borrowings, private sector participation, insurance fund, pension funds, masala bonds and other initiatives and the LIC credit line was one such initiative.
The funds will be raised for 30 years and the interest rate will be revised every 10 years, as per initial plans.
“National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and LIC officials will sit down and draw the modalities including finer details like interest rates, debt servicing and other details,’ said an official.
The borrowings will be in the form of bonds to be issued by the NHAI.
"We don't have dearth of funds," the Minister said adding that as the projects will be completed these will be put up for monetisation and the funds will be ploughed back to highway construction.
The NHAI is eyeing  ₹4,995 crore from monetisation of third tranche of 566 km of highways under TOT (toll, operate and transfer) model. There are nine highway stretches of 566.27 km in TOT Bundle-3 in states of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand and Tamil Nadu.
The first bundle under the TOT model had fetched NHAI  ₹9,682 crore. The first bundle had a total of nine stretches involving 681 km and was awarded to Macquarie.
The third auction assumes significance given that this is coming after an unsuccessful second bundle where investors quoted a discount to NHAI's base price.
Gadkari said that besides monetisation, the Ministry was also in talks with banks for funds. "Also, the Finance Ministry has given us approval to raise  ₹75,000 crore this fiscal," he said.
Gadkari said that his Ministry has shown exponential capacity to spend allocated funds in building highways, which are the backbone of the economy.
"At present we spend more than 80 per cent of the allocation on capital expenditure. We are contributing to the growth rate," he said.
Apart from various sources of financing of highway projects, we are also contemplating going into the capital market and take the money from the common people like teachers, constables, poor people and give them good interest, he said.
"We will try to give them more than 7.5 per cent to 8 per cent interest and we will use that money for construction of roads. On the one hand, we will construct the roads and on the other hand, we will give good interest to the poor people of this country," he said.
The Minister said that the aim was to build world class transport infrastructure in the country and added, work worth about  ₹11 lakh crore were awarded by his Ministry in the last five years.
"Over 57,000 km of highway projects were awarded and over 40,000 km of roads were constructed in the last five years," he said.
Also, the budget allocation for Road Transport and Highways ministry has increased by about  ₹5,000 crore, he said. 
This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed.
210
Why would I want to feel awkward: Katrina on equation with exes
Actress Katrina Kaif, while speaking about her equation with her exes, said she doesn't feel awkward in the presence of her exes. She added, "Why would I want to feel awkward in anyone's presence? I would rather smile, laugh, have a good chat and keep it easy, instead of keeping a sad face. Simple!"
https://www.pinkvilla.com/entertainment/news/katrina-kaif-equation-exes-would-rather-have-good-chat-keep-it-easy-instead-keeping-sad-face-463004?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Pinkvilla
Null
211
Going to work 10 times harder: Angelina on starring in Marvel film
Angelina Jolie, who has joined the Marvel Cinematic Universe and will star in Marvel's upcoming film 'The Eternals', has said she's "going to work ten times harder". "We all know what the task is ahead, and we know what you deserve, and so we're all going to be working very hard. So I am in training and thrilled," she added.
https://www.pinkvilla.com/entertainment/hollywood/angelina-jolie-entering-marvel-cinematic-universe-eternals-im-going-work-10-times-harder-463031?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Pinkvilla
Null
212
ISRO wishes Akshay Kumar ahead of 'Mission Mangal' release
Ahead of the release of Akshay Kumar starrer 'Mission Mangal', Indian Space Research Organisation took to Twitter to wish him. "As #ISRO prepares for landmark launch of #Chandrayaan2, #TeamISRO wishes @akshaykumar all the best for #MissionMangal and all his future endeavours," it tweeted. Inspired by India's 2013 Mars space programme Mangalyaan, the film also stars Vidya Balan and Taapsee Pannu.
https://www.thequint.com/entertainment/bollywood/isro-responds-to-teaser-of-akshay-kumar-starrer-mission-mangal?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Quint
Akshay Kumar is busy gearing up for the release of his next film Mission Mangal. On the other hand, Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) is also preparing for the launch of Chandrayaan 2. Ahead of the film’s release ISRO has taken to Twitter to send best wishes to Akshay. “As #ISRO prepares for landmark launch of #Chandrayaan2, #TeamISRO wishes Akshay Kumar all the best for #MissionMangal and all his future endeavour”, the official handle of the organisation wrote.
On 9 July, Akshay took to Twitter and Instagram to announce the teaser of the film.
ISRO has reacted to the teaser of the film. “Ek Desh. Ek Sapna. India to be a space superpower. Few Days to go for achieving new Milestone! #Chandrayaan2”, it wrote.
Mission Mangal is inspired by India’s 2013 Mars space programme Mangalyaan. In the teaser, we hear Akshay Kumar voice giving out an order, “This is Rakesh Dhawan. Mission Control initiating command for launch of the rocket to Mars.” Vidya Balan looks busy commanding the controls. We also see glimpses of Sonakshi Sinha, Taapsee Pannu, Kirti Kulhari and Sharman Joshi.
Earlier, Akshay Kumar has taken to Twitter to speak about the film. He shared photos of his message for the audience. “For years, Hollywood has made movies and TV shows such as Star Trek, Star Wars, Gravity, which had inspired a generation of inventors, scientists and explorers. I have always wanted to be part of a movie that will inspire future generations. Mission Mangal is that film”, the actor wrote.
Also Read : ‘Mission Mangal’ Is a Film for My Daughter: Akshay Kumar
(The Quint will no longer be on WhatsApp, owing to changes in its policies regarding news publishers. You can now get the latest news updates on our Telegram channel. For handpicked stories every day, subscribe to us on Telegram.)
213
Fans thought Ram was married to Sakshi, gave me weird looks: Wife
Actor Ram Kapoor's wife Gautami Kapoor has revealed that during the days when her husband starred in 'Bade Acche Lagte Hai', fans thought he was married to the show's actress Sakshi Tanwar in real life. "When we'd travel abroad, people would give me weird looks," she added. "With social media, people thankfully know I'm his lawfully wedded wife," said Gautami.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/tv/ram-kapoor-s-wife-says-fans-thought-he-was-married-to-sakshi-tanwar-in-real-life-would-give-her-weird-looks/story-TCYM2OxH3HRCP9WFGwxtvM.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
214
Umpire who gave England 6 overthrows in WC final admits it was a mistake
Umpire Kumar Dharmasena has admitted that awarding England six overthrows instead of five in final over of 2019 World Cup final was a mistake. "I agree...there was a judgmental error when I see it on TV replays now. But we didn't have luxury of TV replays at the ground," he said. He further said that he'll never regret the decision.
https://www.crictracker.com/i-will-never-regret-the-decision-i-made-says-kumar-dharmasena-on-the-controversial-overthrow-in-the-world-cup-final/
CricTracker
It’s been a week since the 2019 World Cup final has finished but many are still busy discussing the game. Undoubtedly, it was the best ODI game ever played and irrespective of the result, both England and New Zealand should be proud of themselves for the effort they put in. But some crunch moments decided the game eventually and one of them was the umpire Kumar Dharmasena awarding six runs to England in the last over of the chase when the ball ricocheted off Ben Stokes’ bat.
The incident took place in the final over when the home team needed nine runs off three balls and the Kiwis almost had the World Cup trophy in the bag. The batsman swatted the ball to deep mid-wicket and set off for two runs. While taking the second run, Stokes dived to avoid getting run-out only for his bat to deflect the ball to the boundary.
Advertisement
The on-field umpires consulted then to give England six runs when actually five runs should’ve signalled. According to the cricketing laws, the two batsmen should’ve crossed each other when the fielder threw the ball and Stokes and Adil Rashid hadn’t crossed when Martin Guptill fired in a throw. It was considered as a clear mistake by the former international umpire Simon Taufel.
Speaking about the controversial call to a Sri Lankan publication the Sunday Times, Kumar Dharmasena has cleared that he has no regrets about the decision he made regarding the overthrow. However, he also admitted that they made a judgemental error in the middle.
“It’s easy for people to comment after seeing TV replays. I agree that there was a judgmental error when I see it on TV replays now. But we did not have the luxury of TV replays at the ground and I will never regret the decision I made. Besides, the ICC praised me for the decision I made at that time,” he said.
Dharmasena also cleared that he communicated to the leg umpire Marais Erasmus before making the decision and even the other umpires agreed to give six runs to England. “There is no provision in the law to refer this to the third umpire as no dismissal was involved. So, I did consult the leg umpire through the communication system which is heard by all other umpires and the match referee.
“And, while they cannot check TV replays, they all confirmed that the batsmen have completed the run. This is when I made my decision,” the 48-year-old added.

215
Really enjoyed it, it was timely: Chief selector on Rayudu's '3D' tweet
Reacting to ex-India cricketer Ambati Rayudu's '3D glasses' tweet, BCCI chief selector MSK Prasad said he really enjoyed the ex-batsman's tweet. "It was a lovely tweet. That was sarcasm. It was timely," he said. Further, talking about not selecting Rayudu in 2019 World Cup squad, Prasad said, "Due to certain combinations, he wasn't picked. It doesn't make Selection Committee biased."
https://www.crictracker.com/msk-prasad-really-enjoyed-ambati-rayudus-3d-tweet/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
CricTracker
Ambati Rayudu even without featuring in the Indian team that played the World Cup 2019 has made more news than most other players. When he was not included in the primary squad but named as a back-up he put out the famous 3D tweet. Later when the selectors had to name replacement players, Rayudu was still not included and it was said that the reason could’ve been his tweet. However, selector MSK Prasad disagrees.
When Prasad announced the India squads for West Indies tour, he was asked about Rayudu who retired from all forms of the sport after the snubs. He clarified that the selection committee was only making replacement changes based on the team management’s requirements and on that basis he didn’t find a place. There was no sort of bias in the decision-making and that they too got emotional as Rayudu retired.
Advertisement
The chairman of selectors also mentioned that they had brought Rayudu in the ODI team based on his T20I performance amidst criticism and gave him enough opportunities to cement a spot. Moving forward based on his performance and the combination of the team he couldn’t be included in the World Cup squad.
They persisted with him even after the middle-order batsman failed the yo-yo test. He was put on a fitness program at the NCA and they made sure he cleared it at the next go to be a part of the Indian team.
“There was criticism when we picked Rayudu after his 2017-18 T20 form. When he failed the fitness test, we backed him. Due to some combinations and permutations, we didn’t pick him for the World Cup. We didn’t do anything against him,” MSK said.
Rayudu’s 3D tweet got really popular and also proved to be meme material. The common perception was that the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) officials, the team management as well as the selectors were not happy with his tweet. The Hyderabadi was one of the few Indian players who ever questioned their selection or non-selection on social media or a public platform.
However, Prasad said that he saw humour in the tweet and really enjoyed the sarcasm in it since it was timely.
“Ambati Rayudu tweet was lovely. I enjoyed it. That was sarcasm… that was really good. It was timely tweet,” he stated.

216
PV Sindhu wins her first silver medal of the year at Indonesia Open
World number five PV Sindhu won her first silver medal of the year after finishing second at the Indonesia Open on Sunday. The 24-year-old lost her first final of the year to world number four Akane Yamaguchi 15-21, 16-21 in 51 minutes. Sindhu will next play the Japan Open, which is scheduled to begin on July 23.
http://www.newindianexpress.com/sport/other/2019/jul/21/pv-sindhu-loses-to-japans-akane-yamaguchi-in-indonesia-open-final-2007280.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The New Indian Express
JAKARTA: Star badminton player P V Sindhu had to be content with a runner-up finish at the Indonesia Open after losing the title clash in straight games to Japan's Akane Yamaguchi, here Sunday.
Sindhu lost the final of the BWF Tour Super 1000 tournament 15-21 16-21 to the fourth seed.
The Olympic silver medallist had come into the contest with a favourable 10-4 head-to-head record against the Japanese.
Nevertheless, it was season's best performance for the world number five Indian, who had reached the semifinals at Singapore and India Open earlier.
217
Hongmeng OS not a replacement for Android, clarifies Huawei
Chinese smartphone manufacturer Huawei's Senior Vice President Catherine Chen has denied the reports that speculated that the company's in-house platform Hongmeng OS is a replacement for Android on smartphones. Chen said that it's not designed for smartphones and the company plans to continue using Android. Chen added that the Hongmeng operating system is for industrial use.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/tech/hongmeng-os-not-a-replacement-for-android-huawei/story-aqD5IUjGBDulyWfedN9ddL.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
218
TikTok owner ByteDance to open local data centre for Indian users
TikTok's Chinese owner ByteDance has announced plans to establish a local data centre in India. "We're now in the process of examining options for safe, secure and reliable services for our Indian users within India's borders," ByteDance said. As per a report, the local data centre will be part of $1 billion investment in India that ByteDance had announced earlier.
https://www.livemint.com/technology/apps/tiktok-owner-bytedance-to-establish-local-data-centres-for-indian-users-1563707914261.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
219
Not been elected to get drains, toilets cleaned: Bhopal MP Pragya
Madhya Pradesh's Bhopal BJP MP Pragya Singh Thakur on Sunday said she hasn't been elected to clean drains and toilets but would honestly perform the duties she's actually accountable for. In her first Parliament speech on Friday, Thakur highlighted lack of medical facilities in Bhopal prison. She defeated Congress' Digvijaya Singh to win from Bhopal in the Lok Sabha elections.
Null
220
We shouldn't compare startup ecosystems: Endiya Partners' MD
Hyderabad-based tech-focused seed-stage venture capital firm Endiya Partners' Managing Director Sateesh Andra, when asked why is Hyderabad's startup ecosystem less vibrant than Bengaluru's, said, "We shouldn’t compare startup ecosystems." He admitted that Bengaluru has leapfrogged Hyderabad in those terms. However, he added that venture capitalists find good entrepreneurs irrespective of where they are.
https://www.techcircle.in/2019/07/19/watch-b2b-startups-will-take-off-in-the-next-6-7-years-sateesh-andra-endiya-partners?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
TechCircle
Hyderabad-born Sateesh Andra spent several years in Silicon Valley building his own IT management software startup Euclid before changing lanes to become a venture capitalist. He set up and ran Draper Fisher Jurvetson’s (DFJ) India operations more than a decade ago before starting Endiya Partners, a technology focused seed stage venture capital firm.
Endiya, which Andra founded in Hyderabad 2015 with Ramesh Byrapaneni and Abhishek Srivastava, debuted in the market with a $26 million fund and is now on the road to raise a $75 million second fund. It announced the first close of the fund in May this year and Andra expects to have the entire fund raised by the end of this year. 
In an interview with TechCircle, on the sidelines of TechCircle LIVE which concluded recently in Bengaluru, Andra spoke about why the firm has a specific focus on technology startups, especially enterprise technology startups, what it looks for in an entrepreneur and why Hyderabad’s startup ecosystem holds as much potential for startup-led innovation as Bengaluru.
221
British finance minister says he will resign if Boris becomes PM
British finance minister Philip Hammond has said he will resign from the post if Boris Johnson becomes Prime Minister. "Assuming that Boris Johnson becomes Prime Minister, I understand that his conditions for serving in his government would include accepting a no-deal Brexit on the 31st of October. That is not something I could ever sign up to," Hammond added.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-hammond/uk-finance-minister-hammond-to-resign-on-wednesday-over-no-deal-brexit-idUSKCN1UG0B4?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
222
UltraTech's Kumar Birla's remuneration fell 18.8% to ₹15.53cr in FY19
UltraTech Cement's Chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla received an annual remuneration of ₹15.53 crore in FY 2018-19, down 18.82% over the year-ago period remuneration of ₹19.13 crore. In FY 2016-17, Birla had received a remuneration of ₹22.50 crore. However, in the financial year 2018-19, the median remuneration of employees was ₹7.65 lakh, an increase of 8.5%.
https://www.livemint.com/companies/people/kumar-mangalam-birla-s-remuneration-from-ultratech-fell-18-8-pc-to-rs-15-53-cr-1563700563171.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
223
Rajshahi Kings sign JP Duminy for Bangladesh Premier League
South African cricketer JP Duminy, who recently announced his retirement from the ODI format, has been signed by Bangladesh Premier League side Rajshahi Kings. Duminy, who will be playing for the first time in BPL, has played in IPL and PSL as well. The 35-year-old had earlier expressed his desire to continue playing T20 cricket for South Africa.
https://www.cricketcountry.com/news/rajshahi-kings-sign-jp-duminy-for-bangladesh-premier-league-870923?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Cricket Country
Null
224
Zidane reveals Gareth Bale is set to leave Real Madrid
Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane has revealed that four-time Champions League-winning player Gareth Bale is set to leave the club soon. Zidane says Real Madrid has found a new club for Bale. Madrid had paid a then-record transfer of €100 million to sign Bale from Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur in 2013.
Null
225
Strict action against state units over overage athletes: AFI
Speaking about athletes manipulating their age for athletics events, Athletics Federation of India's president, Adille Sumariwalla said, "We will suspend the secretaries of erring state units and form ad-hoc bodies." Notably, in the Youth National Championships at Vadodara last year, 27 entries out of a total of 602 were found overage.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/afi-to-crackdown-on-state-officials-on-menace-of-overage-athletes/story-P48YigTvPI79LqKalQ6B2J.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
226
46-year-old Paes out of Hall of Fame Open after losing in semi
Leander Paes and his partner New Zealand's Marcus Daniell crashed out of Hall of Fame Open after losing their semi-final match 3-6, 7-6(10-8), 11-9 to Marcel Granollers and Sergiy Stakhovsky on Sunday. The 46-year-old Paes suffered his fourth semi-finals defeat in the ATP World Tour this season. Paes has won 766 doubles matches, sixth-highest by any player.
Null
227
Bangladesh cricketers arrive in Sri Lanka under high security
Bangladesh's cricket team arrived in Sri Lanka amid tight security on Saturday. Bangladesh is the first foreign sporting team to visit the island since the deadly Easter attacks earlier this year. "We have special security arrangements at match venues too," a police official said about the security arrangements made for the visiting team.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/bangladesh-cricketers-arrive-in-sri-lanka-under-high-security/story-FXqqEMNqMDYAssi4h6wAEK.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
228
Manny Pacquiao beats Keith Thurman by split decision
Filipino senator Manny Pacquiao became the oldest welterweight champion in boxing history after he beat Keith Thurman on a split-decision victory on Saturday. Pacquiao, a world champion at eight weights, was fighting in the 71st bout of his career. "I think I will fight next year," the 40-year-old Filipino senator said after the match.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/manny-pacquiao-beats-keith-thurman-by-split-decision/story-bueJiF4wgkevclsDngWloM.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
229
Replace EVMs with ballot papers: WB CM Mamata Banerjee
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday demanded to replace Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) with ballot papers, adding that electoral reforms are needed in the country. "If we want to stop the use of black money in elections, save democracy and let political parties maintain transparency, you must go for electoral reforms," Mamata said.
https://www.financialexpress.com/india-news/replace-evms-with-ballot-papers-demands-mamata-banerjee/1651282/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Financial Express
Null
230
PM Modi govt has changed India, brought 'achhe din': Nadda
BJP working President JP Nadda on Sunday said that "achhe din" has arrived under PM Narendra Modi-led government and the country has changed in the last five years. He added that by saying 'Congress-mukt Bharat', the party means a country free of "corruption and commission". Nadda further said that PM Modi has changed the "political culture" of the country.
https://www.timesnownews.com/india/article/achhe-din-have-arrived-modi-government-has-changed-india-in-last-five-years-bjp-s-jp-nadda/456988?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Mumbai: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) working president JP Nadda today said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led government brought "good days" in the last five years, adding that India witnessed a tremendous change in the last five years.
Issuing clarity on “Congress-mukt Bharat”, the BJP working president said that when the party talks about it, it means it wants a country free of corruption.
"'Achhe din ayenge' (good days will come) and 'Desh badal raha hai' (the country is changing) were the slogans of the BJP's campaign in 2014. We would like to remind the people that good days have arrived and the country has already changed in the last five years," PTI quoted him as saying.
Addressing the BJP's Maharashtra state executive committee meeting in Mumbai, he highlighted the Centre’s achievements in the health sector, poverty elevation, infrastructure, agriculture and rural development.
Crediting the prime minister for changing the "political culture" of the country, Nadda said that under his leadership, the party focused on the development and work at the grassroots level.
Modi's victories in 2014 and 2019 are a rejection of the vote bank and caste politics, he said, advising the BJP workers to "look globally, act locally".
Attributing India’s rising graph at the world stage to PM Modi he said that before 2014, the country was looked upon as corrupt with a foreign policy that was not only paralysed but also lacked direction. However, now the people of Indian origin living abroad feel proud to be Indians.
Pointing out at multiple awards conferred to the PM, he called it an achievement saying that countries like the UAE, Israel, Russia and Saudi Arabia recognised PM’s contribution in expanding bilateral ties.
PM Modi was recently named the world’s most admired Indian according to a survey by YouGov – a UK-based internet market research and data analytics firm.
Apart from the PM, cricketer Mahendra Singh Dhoni, industrialist Ratan Tata, star of the millennium Amitabh Bachchan, cricket legend blaster Sachin Tendulkar, Indian captain Virat Kohli, and Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan also found mention in the list.
PM Narendra Modi-led BJP secured a massive victory in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections winning 303 seats on its own while the Congress under the leadership of Rahul Gandhi won 52 seats.
Rahul Gandhi himself was defeated by BJP’s Smriti Irani in his home turf Amethi.  
231
1 dead, 1 injured in Mumbai's Churchill Chamber building fire
One person was killed and another was injured after a fire broke out on the third floor of the four-storey Churchill Chamber building in Mumbai's Colaba on Sunday afternoon. At least 14 residents have been rescued and brought down safely by firefighters so far. The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained, a BMC ward officer said.
https://www.freepressjournal.in/mumbai/mumbai-fire-breaks-out-at-church-chamber-building-in-colaba?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Free Press Journal
Null
232
4 killed over suspicion of witchcraft in Jharkhand: Police
Four people of three different families were killed by unidentified people allegedly over their involvement in witchcraft in Jharkhand's Gumla, police said. According to the locals, 10-12 people came with their faces covered, dragged the victims out of their houses and killed them. "The police are already running campaigns to spread awareness about these issues," Superintendent of Police said.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/jharkhand-4-members-of-3-families-murdered-over-suspicion-of-witchcraft20190721143533/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Gumla (Jharkhand) [India], July 21 (ANI): Four elderly members of three different families were brutally murdered by unidentified persons in Siskari area here in the wee hours of Sunday allegedly over their involvement in witchcraft."Prima facie, it appears the victims were involved in witchcraft. Crime seems to have happened because of superstitious beliefs. Four persons have been killed," Superintendent of Police Anjani Kumar Jha told ANI.The deceased have been identified as Suna Uraav (65), Fagin Devi (62), Chapa Bhagat (62) and his wife Peeri Devi (60).According to the locals, 10-12 people came with their faces covered between 1 and 3 am, dragged the victims out of their houses and killed them.The police are already on the spot and investigation is on."People need to be wary of these issues. The police are already running campaigns on block and panchayat levels to spread awareness about these issues. We hope to see positive results in the coming time," Jha said. (ANI)
233
Over ₹5,800 cr sanctioned for cleaning 34 polluted rivers: Govt
The Environment Ministry said that ₹5,870.55 crore has been sanctioned under the National River Conservation Plan for pollution abatement at 34 river stretches in 16 states across the country. The Centre has released its share of ₹2,522 crore to states, it added. In the last one year, ₹143 crore has been released to nine states for the same, it said.
https://www.timesnownews.com/mirror-now/in-focus/article/environment-ministry-sanctions-rs-5800-crore-for-cleaning-rivers-across-16-states/456955?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
New Delhi: The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change has sanctioned over Rs 5,800 crore for pollution abatement at 34 river stretches in 16 states across the country. The sanction does not include River Ganga. 
Reportedly, the Minister of State for Environment Babul Supriyo recently told the Lok Sabha that out of the total of Rs 5,870 crore sanctioned under the National River Conservation Plan (NRCP), the Centre has released its share of Rs 2,522 crore to states. 
Time to time the project proposals are sent by the state governments after receiving these proposals, various rivers are considered for the financial assistance under the NRCP. According to news agency PTI, the NRCP has covered polluted stretches of 34 rivers in 77 towns spread over 16 states at a sanctioned cost of Rs 5870.55 crore, said the MoS. The minister further added that in the last one year, Rs 143 crore has been released to nine states for pollution abatement in rivers. 
The river water quality is monitored on a regular basis by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) along with the State Pollution Control Boards. CPCB has identified as many as 351 stretches of polluted rivers across the country. Answering a question on the conservation of the lakes and wetlands the ministry said it has released Rs 181 crores to 20 states for pollution abatement in lakes and wetlands in the last three years. Out of which Rs 1.58 crore being released in the current financial year.
In order to enhance the conservation work of the lakes and wetlands, the environment ministry has also recently implemented a centrally sponsored scheme named National Plan for Conservation of Aquatic Eco-systems(NPCA). Reportedly, under this scheme 180 wetlands including lakes have been prioritised for conservation and management, added the minister. 
Along with NRCP, the Ganga Action Plan concentrates at improving the water quality of river Ganga. The programme aims to serve as a model to demonstrate the methodology for improving the water quality of other polluted rivers. The NRCP concentrates on the important tributaries of river Ganga like, the Yamuna, Gomati and Damodar which directly discharge into the river Ganga are heavily polluted and are taken up for pollution abatement Programmes.
234
1 killed,18 injured after tempo overturns in Thane: Police
A labourer was killed and 18 others were injured after their tempo overturned on Saket bridge in Maharashtra's Thane, police said. The commuters of the tempo were contract workers, who were going to Mumbai to trim trees, the police added. A police official said that the tempo driver was drunk at the time of the incident.
http://www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2019/jul/21/one-dead-18-injured-after-tempo-overturns-in-thane-2007291.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The New Indian Express
THANE: A labourer was killed and 18 others injured Sunday morning after their tempo overturned on Saket bridge in Thane, police said.
A Kapurbawadi police station official said occupants of the tempo were contract workers moving towards Mumbai to trim trees for the civic body there.
"The driver, who was also injured, was drunk at the time of the incident. We have registered a case," he said.
235
Agencies gave IL&FS good ratings despite stress flags: Audit
A Grant Thornton audit into debt-laden IL&FS Group revealed that rating agencies despite flagging financial stress before its default, continued to give it and its units "consistently high" credit ratings. It said officials of agencies including ICRA, CARE, Brickwork and India Ratings, were possibly given gifts like smartwatches and overseas sports event tickets to influence the ratings.
https://in.reuters.com/article/india-il-fs-ratings/rating-agencies-knew-of-stress-at-ilfs-but-gave-good-ratings-audit-idINKCN1UG079?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
236
Pvt insurance firms paid ₹7 cr in claims to Railway passengers
Private insurance firms have paid ₹7 crore in claims under IRCTC's optional travel insurance scheme in last two years, an RTI reply revealed. In comparison, they received about ₹46 crore premium from Indian Railways and its passengers, under the scheme launched in 2016 at ₹0.92 premium per passenger. Of the amount, Railways paid ₹38.89 crore, while passengers paid ₹7.29 crore.
https://www.livemint.com/companies/news/pvt-insurance-firms-paid-rs-7-cr-in-claims-to-rly-passengers-got-46-cr-premium-1563687704491.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
237
India squads for WI tour announced, Pant keeper in all 3 formats
The BCCI on Sunday announced Team India squads for the upcoming tour of West Indies. Rishabh Pant has been named as the first-choice wicketkeeper in all three formats after limited-overs wicketkeeper-batsman MS Dhoni made himself unavailable on Saturday. Rohit Sharma returns to the Test side after December 2018. India are scheduled to play three T20Is, three ODIs and two Tests.
https://twitter.com/BCCI?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
238
Former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit cremated with state honours
Three-time Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit, who passed away on Saturday, was cremated with state honours at Nigam Bodh Ghat on Sunday. Her mortal remains were kept at the Congress headquarters for people to pay their final respects. Instead of a traditional pyre of wood, Dikshit was cremated in CNG machine as she had wished, her son Sandeep Dikshit said.
https://www.timesnownews.com/india/article/sheila-dikshit-funeral-live-updates-former-delhi-cm-to-be-cremated-at-nigambodh-ghat-at-230-pm/456896
Times Now
New Delhi: Sheila Dikshit, three-time Delhi chief minister and a life-long Congresswoman, passed away at the age of 81 on Saturday afternoon at Fortis Escorts Heart Institute in the national capital. Her body was kept at her residence in Delhi's Nizamuddin area for people to pay their respects and then was moved to the All India Congress Committee (AICC) headquarters. The mortal remains were then taken from the AICC office to the cremation ground at Nigambodh Ghat where the veteran leader is set to be cremated.
The Congress stalwart will be cremated using the Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) method which uses the natural gas instead of wood, in accordance with her wishes. Meanwhile, the Delhi government has declared a two-day state mourning period. 
Condolences have poured in from across the political spectrum with PM Modi along with a host of other leaders including UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi visiting Dikshit's home to pay their last respects. Former Congress president Rahul Gandhi described Dikshit as "a beloved daughter of Congress" in his condolence tweet. 
3:30 pm: Sheila Dikshit's remains reach Nigambodh Ghat, prayers of last rites begin. Several leaders including Home Minister Amit Shah, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal, Congress leader Ahmed Patel present at the crematorium.
3:00 pm: Sheila Dikshit's last journey has begun with the body being taken from DPCC to Nigambodh Ghat. 
2:30 pm: Sheila Dikshit's remains taken to Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee office, the city unit which she headed until her death.
2:00 pm: Top Congress leaders, including Sonia Gandhi, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Ahmed Patel and chief ministers Ashok Gehlot and Kamal Nath, paid their last respects to Sheila Dikshit at the Congress office.
1:30 pm: Kamal Nath pays tribute to Sheila Dikshit. 
 
Null
239
Natalie Portman to play female Thor in 'Thor: Love and Thunder'
Hollywood actress Natalie Portman will portray female Thor in the upcoming film of the franchise, titled 'Thor: Love and Thunder', the film's maker announced at San Diego Comic-Con. "That storyline is incredible, is full emotion, love and thunder and introduces for the first time female Thor," said director Taika Waititi. The film will also star Chris Hemsworth and Tessa Thompson.
https://www.timesnownews.com/entertainment/news/international-news/article/natalie-portmans-jane-foster-to-lift-mjolnir-and-play-female-thor-in-thor-love-and-thunder/456930?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
A couple of days back, it was reported that Marvel Studios is going ahead with the fourth film in Thor franchise. Earlier today at San Diego Comic-Con, Marvel Studios' chief Kevin Feige announced the full slate of Phase 4 films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Without a doubt, the biggest announcement amongst all the films was Thor 4 titled Thor: Love and Thunder. Being a part of the MCU's Holy Trinity that also comprised of Iron Man and Captain America, Thor is also one of the OG Avengers. With Tony and Steve gone, Thor is the biggest superhero of MCU, so it is quite natural that Thor: Love and Thunder is already the most awaited film.
With Taika Waititi, who made Thor a fan favourite with his take in Thor: Ragnarok, returning to write and direct the fourth part, Thor: Love and Thunder had garnered a massive hype but the new details that were revealed at the Comic-Con earlier today have left all the fans in a state of frenzy! Thor: Love and Thunder will star Chris Hemsworth and Tessa Thompson and will mark the return of Thor's love interest Dr Jane Foster played by Natalie Portman. 
The twist in the tale is that Jane Foster will be seen worthy of lifting Mjolnir in Thor: Love and Thunder and will take the mantle of Thor. The plot device is based on the recent comic book storyline where Thor loses his powers and Jane Foster is deemed worthy. At the Comic-Con panel, director Taika Waititi called Natalie on stage and handed her the Mjolnir in the presence of Chris Hemsworth, Tessa Thompson and thousands of fans. He said, "That storyline is incredible is full emotion, love and thunder and introduces for the first time female Thor".
Lifting the Mjolnir, Natalie was heard saying, "I’ve always had hammer envy".



In fact, Tessa Thompson's Valkyrie has been announced as the first LGBTQ hero of MCU. Taking the stage, Tessa said, "As new king (of Asgard), she needs to find her queen. That will be the first order of business." 



Thor: Love and Thunder is slated for a November 5, 2021 release. 
Apart from Thor: Love and Thunder, Kevin Feige also announced a hoard of other films like Black Widow, Eternals, Sheng-Chi and the Legend of Ten Rings, Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness and Blade and web series like WandaVision, Loki, Hawkeye, The Falcon and the Winter Soldier and What If...?
Stay tuned to ZoomTV.com for all the latest updates on entertainment, fashion and lifestyle.
240
#NotMyDeepika trends as fans ask her not to work with #MeToo accused
#NotMyDeepika was trending on Twitter on Saturday as fans of Deepika Padukone took to the site to urge her not to work with sexual harassment accused filmmaker Luv Ranjan. This came after Deepika was spotted leaving the filmmaker's office with Ranbir Kapoor. "Being the top actress of your country...it's YOUR responsibility to set the right example," a user tweeted.
https://www.pinkvilla.com/entertainment/news/deepika-padukone-fans-go-trend-notmydeepika-urging-her-not-work-director-luv-ranjan-462984?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Pinkvilla
Null
241
Akhtar comments after Tharoor wrongly attributes shayari to Ghalib
Javed Akhtar commented on a Twitter post by Shashi Tharoor wherein he had wrongly attributed a shayari to Mirza Ghalib. Akhtar wrote, "Shashi Ji, who ever has given you these lines should never be trusted again." Thanking Akhtar, Tharoor wrote, "It seems that whenever people like a shayari, they credit Ghalib for it! Apologies."
https://twitter.com/ShashiTharoor/status/1152548654265167873?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1152548654265167873&utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.indiatoday.in%2Ftrending-news%2Fstory%2Fshashi-tharoor-quotes-ghalib-on-birthday-except-not-birthday-not-his-lines-javed-akhtar-burns-him-1571851-2019-07-21&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
242
Asthma patient Priyanka criticised after smoking pic goes viral
Asthma patient Priyanka Chopra, who was the ambassador for an anti-cracker campaign on Diwali last year, was criticised by Twitter users after a picture of her smoking cigarette during her birthday celebrations went viral. The photo received comments like, "Good to see @priyankachopra's asthma has been cured overnight" and "Priyanka must tell the world how to cure asthma with smokes".
https://www.timesnownews.com/entertainment/news/people/article/picture-of-priyanka-chopra-smoking-a-cigarette-in-miami-goes-viral-gets-brutally-trolled-by-netizens/456948?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
When you create an account on social media, you are welcoming the opportunity to get trolled. Whether you like it or you don't, trolling is a part and parcel of your life on social media and if you're a celebrity or a person with over 100k followers or so, you're bound to be trolled at every step and every post. But one Bollywood celebrity who's been a favourite of the trollers is Priyanka Chopra. Whether it's her fashion choices, her MET carpet appearances or her relationship with a younger singer, Priyanka has been a favourite. But the Desi Girl has always shut down trollers like a total boss. 
Priyanka has been in Miami chilling with her mom, Madhu Chopra and beau Nick Jonas. She rang in her birthday with a four-tier cake and a fabulous party that also saw Parineeti Chopra and Anjula Acharia. But apart from her birthday bash and pictures from her yacht party, it's this one snap of Priyanka smoking a cigarette with Nick and her mom smoking a cigar that has gone viral.
The trolling began when netizens associated her 'smoking picture' with her previous statements on suffering from asthma and asking her fans not to smoke.

Check out some of the posts here: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Priyanka Chopra isn't the first celebrity to be trolled for smoking. Earlier, pictures of Mahira Khan went viral where she was spotted smoking a cigarette along with Ranbir Kapoor in San Francisco. And shortly later, a clip from an award function went viral with Mahira smoking that irked her fans. 
While we wonder if Priyanka will respond to her trollers, the diva will finally be back on the silver screen with Shonali Bose's next directorial project, The Sky Is Pink. Along with Farhan Akhtar, Zaira Wasim and Rohit Saraf, the film is slotted to release this October. Produced by Ronnie Screwvala, Siddharth Roy Kapur and PeeCee herself, the film is based on the life of late motivational speaker Aisha Chaudhary who was diagnosed with pulmonary fibrosis. She is also the author of the book, My Little Epiphanies that was published a day before her death. On the other hand, Priyanka will also be teaming up with Mindy Kaling for a project that is going to be a wedding-comedy. 
Stay tuned for all the updates on entertainment, fashion and lifestyle. 
243
Replays to call front-foot no ball to be trialled in India: Report
Replays to call front-foot no-balls will be trialled for the first time in India during the domestic season and could be extended to international matches to be hosted by the country, as per reports. The ICC took the decision reportedly after a request from the BCCI. If implemented, the third umpire will be constantly involved.
https://www.cricketcountry.com/news/replays-to-call-front-foot-no-ball-to-be-trialled-in-india-report-870880?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Cricket Country
Null
244
Poco product head, Xiaomi global spokesperson quit
Chinese smartphone manufacturer Xiaomi's global spokesperson Donovan Sung and sub-brand Poco's product head Jai Mani have quit the company. In a tweet, Sung wrote, "It is my last month at Xiaomi." Sung will be joining Google in Singapore to help with the advancement of their payment system Google Pay.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/tech/xiaomi-sub-brand-poco-s-global-spokesperson-product-head-call-it-quits/story-q4E6JSQaGnpBHf2c67t51K.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
245
Donald Trump becoming face of 'racism and exclusion': Siemens CEO
German multinational conglomerate Siemens' CEO Joe Kaeser took to Twitter and said US President Donald Trump is becoming the face of 'racism and exclusion'. "I lived in the USA for many years and experienced freedom, tolerance and openness as never before," Kaeser said. This comes after Trump asked four female Democratic lawmakers to "go back" to where they came from.
https://www.financialexpress.com/industry/donald-trump-is-the-face-of-racism-and-exclusion-says-siemens-ceo-joe-kaeser/1651219/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Financial Express
Null
246
Blizzard Co-founder Frank Pearce quits company after 28 years
American video game developer Blizzard Entertainment's Co-founder Frank Pearce is leaving the company and his role as the Chief Development Officer. Pearce founded the company 28 years ago with Mike Morhaime and Allen Adham. Allen left in 2004 but came back in 2016 to oversee the development of new titles. Morhaime stepped down as President and CEO last year.
https://www.engadget.com/2019/07/20/blizzard-frank-pearce-leaving/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Engadget
Null
247
TikTok working on Instagram-like grid feed layout: Report
Short video-sharing app TikTok is reportedly working on a grid feed layout which works like Instagram's Explore feed. The feature was spotted by reverse-engineering specialist Jane Manchun Wong, who shared screengrabs of the feature on Twitter. TikTok is also said to be working on more Instagram-like features including an account switcher and a Discover page.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/tech/tiktok-working-on-instagram-like-grid-layout-explore-feed/story-ELHOzGkjO1lnFgw1F7FeXL.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
248
Former Delhi BJP chief Mange Ram Garg passes away aged 82
Former Delhi BJP President Mange Ram Garg, who was undergoing treatment at a hospital after suffering brain haemorrhage last week, passed away aged 82 on Sunday. Garg was elected to the Delhi Legislative Assembly in 2003. Condoling his demise, BJP working President JP Nadda said that Garg's demise is an "irreparable loss" to the party.
https://www.india.com/news/india/former-delhi-bjp-president-mange-ram-garg-passes-away-3722918/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
India.com
New Delhi: Former Delhi BJP President Mange Ram Garg passed away at 7.30 am on Sunday, reported ANI. He was undergoing treatment at Balaji Action Hospital after suffering brain haemorrhage last week . Garg was elected to the assembly in 2003.
Expressing grief over Garg’s demise, PM Modi said,”Shri Mange Ram Garg Ji had a deep connect with Delhi and that was seen in the manner in which he selflessly served the people of the city. He played a pivotal role in strengthening BJP in Delhi. His demise is saddening. My thoughts are with his family and supporters. Om Shanti.”
He added,”Leaders like Shri Mange Ram Garg Ji are assets for any party. They work selflessly at the grassroots and touch the lives of several people through various community service initiatives. The good work Garg Ji did would continue to be remembered for years.”
President Ram Nath Kovind also paid condolences to his family members . He wrote,”Sad to learn of the passing of Shri Mange Ram Garg, a very senior politician and dedicated, grassroots leader in Delhi. His service to the people, particularly in the national capital, will be cherished. My condolences to his family members and many well-wishers.”
BJP working president JP Nadda also condoled the demise of senior BJP leader.
दिल्ली प्रदेश भाजपा के पूर्व अध्यक्ष एवं वरिष्ठ नेता श्री मांगे राम गर्ग जी के निधन से मन अत्यंत दुखी है। उनका निधन संगठन के लिए एक अपूर्णीय क्षति है।मैं शोकाकुल परिवार के प्रति संवेदना व्यक्त करता हूं और दिवंगत आत्मा की शांति के लिए ईश्वर से प्रार्थना करता हूँ। ॐ शांतिः— Jagat Prakash Nadda (@JPNadda) July 21, 2019

Reports said that Garg’s body will be donated to ‘Dadhichi Deh Daan Samiti’ for anatomy research purposes.
249
Over half a dozen unicorns created in India so far in 2019: Report
Over half a dozen unicorns (startups valued at $1 billion or more) have been created in India so far this year, as per Venture Intelligence. These include Wipro's Azim Premji-backed Icertis, grocery startup BigBasket, logistics startups Rivigo and Delhivery, software firm Druva and fantasy gaming startup Dream11. IT healthcare firm CitiusTech and Ola's Ola Electric also became unicorns this year.
https://www.livemint.com/companies/start-ups/india-s-unicorn-tribe-grows-faster-than-ever-this-year-1563593970553.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
250
7 killed as suicide bomber strikes hospital in Pakistan
A suicide bomber, believed to be a woman, killed at least 7 people and wounded several others in an attack outside a local civilian hospital in Pakistan on Sunday. Officials said the blast had damaged the emergency ward of the hospital. The attack in Dera Ismail Khan was claimed by Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan, also known as the Pakistan Taliban.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-pakistan-attack/female-suicide-bomber-kills-eight-in-northwest-pakistan-idUSKCN1UG08J?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
251
Britain writes to UN after Iran seizes oil tanker, calls it 'illegal'
Britain has written to the UN Security Council after Iran seized a British-flagged oil tanker, saying the vessel was approached by Iranian forces when it was in Omani territorial waters. Britain said that Iran's action constitutes "illegal interference". "The ship was exercising the lawful right of transit passage in an international strait as provided for under international law," Britain wrote.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-iran-tanker-letter/britain-says-iran-approached-tanker-in-omani-waters-letter-to-u-n-idUSKCN1UF0PV?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
252
Tata Motors MD draws ₹26.29cr salary, 2 times more than M&M's in FY19
Tata Motors' Managing Director and CEO Guenter Butschek's remuneration was ₹26.29 crore in FY19, an increase of 1.57% from the previous year, as per the company's annual report. This was over twice of Mahindra & Mahindra Managing Director Pawan Goenka's total remuneration of ₹12.19 crore for FY19. Goenka's remuneration was at a marginal decline of 0.16% from the previous fiscal.
https://www.livemint.com/companies/people/tata-motors-md-draws-over-two-times-more-salary-than-m-m-s-in-fy19-1563685939923.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
253
Not more than 5,000 people in super-rich category: Sitharaman
Explaining her decision to tax the super-rich in the Budget, Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said that not more than 5,000 people are in the super-rich category in the country. She said they should shoulder part of the government's responsibility in supporting the poor. She added that the tax isn't a highway robbery or done with the intention to affect business.
https://www.timesnownews.com/business-economy/economy/article/fm-nirmala-sitharaman-explains-why-she-increased-tax-for-super-rich/456749?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Times Now
Chennai: Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Saturday said the tax on the super-rich is a small expectation from them to contribute a little more for the poor.
She was here to inaugurate the International Business Conference of Nagarathars organised by the Nagarathar Chamber of Commerce.
Sitharaman said not more than 5,000 people are there in the super-rich category in the country and the Union Budget 2019-20 has several measures to help start-ups.
Stressing that the super-rich should shoulder part of the government's responsibility in supporting the poor, she said it is not highway robbery or done with the intention to affect their business.
Appreciating Indian corporates for creating wealth and jobs, Sitharaman said over the past 60 years we have spoken about our rights but kept our duties to the minimum. She said the poor are doing their duty without any returns and hence the government is providing them free education, health and other benefits.
Sitharaman said the focus of the budget is to provide the youth the necessary support from the government, banks and others for doing business. According to her, the central government is focused on ease of living and also on ease of doing business.
On her carrying her budget papers in a swadeshi `bahi khata' and giving up the traditional briefcase, Sitharaman said the central government is not a suitcase carrying government. She said a suitcase denotes taking and giving of suitcases, alluding that suitcases contain bribe money.
254
Bayern Munich beat Real Madrid as clubs unveil new signings
Bayern Munich defeated Real Madrid 3-1 in Texas in a pre-season friendly on Sunday. Both the teams played their new signings, with Real Madrid fielding Eden Hazard and Ferland Mendy, while Munich playing Lucas Hernandez and Benjamin Pavard. Notably, the match featured appearances from 41 different players from both the sides.
Null
255
PM, Prez condole death of ex-Delhi BJP chief Mange Ram Garg
PM Narendra Modi and President Ram Nath Kovind on Sunday condoled the death of former Delhi BJP chief Mange Ram Garg. The President said, "His service to the people, particularly in the national capital, will be cherished." Expressing grief, PM Modi said that Garg had a deep connect with Delhi and played a "pivotal role" in strengthening BJP in Delhi.
http://www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2019/jul/21/pm-narendra-modi-condoles-death-of-ex-delhi-bjp-chief-mange-ram-garg-2007249.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The New Indian Express
NEW DELHI: Former legislator and ex-BJP Delhi president Mange Ram Garg passed away on Sunday morning. Garg was critically ill and was admitted to Balaji Action Hospital in Paschim Vihar here. He took his last breath in the hospital, a family member said.
In 2003, Garg was elected MLA from the Wazirpur Assembly constituency. He lost the seat to Congress' Hari Shanker Gupta in 2008.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed his condolences in a series of tweets. "Leaders like Shri Mange Ram Gargji are assets for any party. They work selflessly at the grassroots and touch the lives of several people through various community service initiatives. The good work that Gargji did would continue to be remembered for years," Modi wrote.
"Shri Mange Ram Gargji had a deep connect with Delhi and it reflected in the manner in which he selflessly served the people of the city. He played a pivotal role in strengthening the BJP in Delhi. His demise is saddening. My thoughts are with his family and supporters. Om Shanti," he added
BJP's Working President J.P. Nadda, party state Chief Manoj Tiwari, Lok Sabha member Hans Raj Hans also mourned the BJP leader's demise.
Garg's body will be kept at the BJP state office, 14 Pandit Pant Marg, Delhi between 11.30 a.m. and 1 p.m.
 
256
Lockheed Martin signs MoUs with three Indian startups
US-based aerospace and defence company Lockheed Martin has signed MoUs with three Indian startups - Terero Mobility, Sastra Robotics, and NoPo Nanotechnologies. They will integrate with Lockheed's supply chain, and contribute to the evolution of aerospace and defence industry. The startups were identified through the India Innovation Growth Programme (IIGP).
https://yourstory.com/2019/07/lockheed-martin-indian-startups-mou-supply-chain?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
YourStory
Null
257
Sanction ₹10,000 cr for flood-hit Bihar: Tejashwi urges Centre
RJD leader Tejashwi Yadav urged the Centre to declare Bihar floods as a ''national calamity'' and sanction financial assistance of ₹10,000 crore for the state. According to the state's disaster management department, 97 people have died due to floods in the state. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said, 215 kitchens and 126 relief camps have been established for flood victims.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/politics/tejashwi-urges-centre-to-declare-bihar-floods-as-national-calamity-seeks-rs-10000-cr-assistance20190720191917/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Patna (Bihar) [India], July 20 (ANI): RJD leader Tejashwi Yadav on Saturday urged Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led Central government to declare Bihar floods as a national calamity and sought the financial assistance of Rs 10,000 crore for the state."We request the Modi government to declare flood and drought in Bihar as a national calamity and sanction a package of Rs 10,000 crore for the state as soon as possible," Tejashwi, also Leader of Opposition in the State Assembly, said.Chief Minister Nitish Kumar had on Friday reviewed relief operations for flood-affected people in the state at a high-level meeting held in the Secretariat.According to Chief Secretary Deepak Kumar, at least 33 people have died due to flood across the state, while approximately 26 lakh people in over 12 districts have been adversely affected by the calamity.As many as 221 relief camps have been established and about one lakh people are taking shelter in these camps. More than 700 community kitchens are being run, Kumar has informed. (ANI)
258
UP govt trying to protect accused in Sonbhadra firing: Cong
Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala alleged that the Uttar Pradesh government is trying to protect the accused in Sonbhadra firing in which 10 tribals were killed. He said that instead of ensuring justice, CM Yogi Adityanath was targeting Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi, who was detained on her way to meet the victims. He added, "Adityanath has made Uttar Pradesh 'Apradh Pradesh'."
http://www.newindianexpress.com/thesundaystandard/2019/jul/21/cm-shielding-accused-2006982.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The New Indian Express
LUCKNOW:  The Congress alleged on Saturday that the Uttar Pradesh government was trying to protect the accused in the Sonbhadra clash and instead of ensuring justice, Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath was targeting party general secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra, who was detained on her way to meet the victims. Questioning the reason behind Priyanka’s detention at a guesthouse in Mirzapur district in Uttar Pradesh, Congress’s chief spokesperson Randeep Surjewala said the chief minister and the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) were afraid of her, adding, “The reign of Ajay Bisht (Adityanath) continues to be the most insensitive in memory.
“Adityanath has made Uttar Pradesh ‘Apradh Pradesh’. The timeline of different incidents clearly shows that the BJP-led UP government is trying to protect the accused in the Sonbhadra clash,” he said.
Continuing with the wave of protests over Priyanka’s detention, the Himachal Pradesh unit of the Congress on Saturday burnt an effigy of Adityanath.
Congress workers led by its state president Kuldeep Singh Rathore gathered near its office, Rajiv Bhawan, here and burnt the effigy. Rathore termed the detention as “illegal and a murder of democracy”.The CPI(M), too, condemned the killings of the tribals on Saturday, accusing the Yogi-led BJP dispensarion of “protecting” the land mafia.
However, the BJP hit out at Priyanka, accusing her of staging a drama over the killing of tribals. Newly-appointed UP BJP chief Swatantra Dev Singh said the UP government worked swiftly and almost all the accused were arrested. “Action is being taken against all those guilty and officials have been suspended for laxity. This incident is a result of the misdeeds (kukarm) of the Congress, whenever it was in power. They indulged in corruption,” he said.
ALSO READ | Sonbhadra victims' kin walked 70 km to meet Congress General Secretary Priyanka Gandhi
kin of main accused held
A relative of the main accused in the Sonbhadra clash was arrested from Varanasi, a senior police official said on Saturday. Ten people were gunned down and 28 injured in the clash between supporters of Ubbah village headman Yagya Dutt and Gond tribals over a piece of land in Sonbhadra district’s Ghorawal area on Wednesday. Komal, a station superintendent in Bhadohi and a relative of Dutt was arrested Friday evening from Varanasi, Superintendent of Police (SP) Salman Taj Patil said on Saturday. On Friday, Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath had said 29 people, including Dutt, have been arrested and a sub-divisional magistrate and four policemen suspended.
259
UP woman tries to kidnap daughter for marrying against wishes
A woman allegedly tried to abduct her own daughter from a local court when the latter came with her husband in Uttar Pradesh's Sitapur on Saturday. The accused had opposed her daughter's marriage to the man and filed a molestation case against her son-in-law, police said. The couple was in court for a different matter when the incident took place.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/woman-tries-to-kidnap-her-daughter-for-marrying-against-her-wishes/story-HIC8jDJEgahiUKbV4jwlhL.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
260
8-month-old killed, 5 injured in Himachal Pradesh landslide
An eight-month-old girl was killed and five others sustained multiple injuries in a landslide in Himachal Pradesh's Kangra district on Saturday. The tourists were going from Bhagsu Nag temple towards Bhagsu Nag waterfall on foot when the incident occurred. The injured were initially taken to Dharamshala Civil Hospital and were later shifted to Dr Rajendra Prasad Medical College Kangra.
http://www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2019/jul/21/infant-dead-five-tourists-injured-in-landslide-in-himachal-pradeshs-kangra-2007241.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The New Indian Express
SHIMLA: An eight-month-old girl was killed whereas five others sustained multiple injuries in a landslide in Himachal Pradesh's Kangra district, the police said Sunday.
The tourists were hit by rocks sliding from the hill when they were going on foot from Bhagsu Nag temple towards Bhagsu Nag waterfall, located about 11 kms from Dharamshala on Saturday.
The deceased infant has been identified as Lovedeep of Haroli in Una district.
The injured include Jagpal (30), Acchar Singh (30), Sunita (23), Preet (8) and Arnab (2).
All are residents of Haroli.
The injured were initially taken to the Dharamshala Civil Hospital, from where they have been later shifted to Dr.Rajendra Prasad Medical College Kangra.
261
Tanzanian woman held for human trafficking in Hyderabad
A Tanzanian woman was arrested and two others were rescued after police busted an international human trafficking racket in Hyderabad. The police said, the accused, along with her friend, used to arrange their friends from Tanzania and indulge them in sexual activities with the customers. They used to tempt customers by uploading victims' photographs on porn websites, the police added.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/tanzanian-woman-arrested-for-human-trafficking-in-hyderabad20190721103154/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Hyderabad (Telangana) [India], July 21 (ANI): One Tanzanian woman was arrested after the sleuths of Special Operating Team, Malkajgiri Zone, Rachakonda along with local police busted an international human trafficking racket in Hyderabad, Telangana.Two Tanzanian women were rescued during the operation.The accused has been identified as Ramadhani Usanga Sabia Bayoni.Police have registered a case under Section 370 (A) of Indian Penal Code, Section 3, 4 and 5 of Prevention of Immoral Trafficking (PITA) Act, Section 14 of Immigration Act and Section 7 of Foreigners Act.According to the police officials, Special Operating Team, on credible information on July 19, conducted raids along with local police on an alleged brothel house in Bharani Colony, Neredmet, organized by Tanzanian women in Sesha Sai Sree Nivas Apartment under the limits of Neredmet Police Station. Police have seized incriminating materials from the brothel.The accused Tanzanian woman, Bayoni along with her friend Edward used to contact their customers over mobile call and text. They used to arrange their friends from Tanzania to indulge them in sexual activities with the customers and used to pay 50 per cent of the amount.Bayoni and Edward used to upload obscene photographs of the victims on pornographic websites and tempt their customers by forwarding the photographs and collecting Rs 10,000 from each customer on regular basis by organizing illegal flesh trade business racket. (ANI)
262
Considering options to respond to Iran's seizure of tanker: Britain
Britain is looking into a series of options to respond to Iran's seizure of a British-flagged tanker, junior defence minister Tobias Ellwood said on Sunday. "Our first and most important responsibility is to make sure that we get a solution to the issue, make sure other British-flagged ships are safe to operate in these waters," Ellwood added.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-iran-tanker-ellwood/britain-considering-options-to-respond-to-irans-seizure-of-tanker-idUSKCN1UG08N?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
263
IndiGo to seek shareholder nod for independent woman director
IndiGo operator InterGlobe Aviation has said it will seek its shareholders' approval to appoint an independent woman board director, at its Annual General Meeting. Earlier, IndiGo Co-Founder Rakesh Gangwal had alleged airline's non-compliance with SEBI's regulations for not having an independent woman director on its board. InterGlobe said it was working on answering SEBI on Gangwal's grievances.
https://www.livemint.com/companies/news/indigo-to-seek-shareholder-nod-to-take-woman-director-on-board-1563625761606.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
264
Ashwin delivers ball without using full action, video goes viral
Off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin delivered a ball without using his full action in the Tamil Nadu Premier League 4 opener on Friday. The 32-year-old didn't move his left hand and released the ball with a half-arm action. "Mr Unpredictable," a user reacted to the viral video of Ashwin's action. Ashwin bowled the subsequent delivery with a Kedar Jadhav-like action.
Null
265
Error on Amazon sells ₹9 lakh lens for ₹6,500; buyers thank Bezos
An Amazon glitch on Prime Day in the US allowed camera gears from brands including Sony and Canon to be sold at a discount of over 99%. A nearly $13,000 (₹9 lakh) Canon camera lens was sold for about $95 (₹6,500). Some users said they received the gear and thanked Amazon Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos for the glitch.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/tech/some-lucky-users-bought-13-000-camera-gear-for-just-94-thanks-to-amazon-prime-day-error/story-y6nwRDXjAOf4ee00pjtWCL.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
266
Indian-origin stand-up comedian dies while performing in Dubai
Indian-origin stand-up comedian Manjunath Naidu died on stage while performing his act in Dubai. The 36-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest. A fellow comedian said that Naidu complained of high level of anxiety, sat down on the bench next to him and collapsed onto the floor. He added that the audience thought that it might be a part of his act.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/indian-origin-stand-up-comedian-dies-while-performing-in-dubai/story-sdEjuIL9GQmuksJiWgMvPM.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
267
RGV tweets video of himself triple riding on bike to watch film; fined
Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma was fined for traffic violation after he tweeted a video of himself triple riding on a bike to watch a film. Varma and his other two friends were seen riding without helmets in the video. After he shared the video captioned 'Where is the police?', Cyberabad Traffic Police replied, "Thanks @RGVzoomin for reporting Traffic Violations."
https://twitter.com/RGVzoomin/status/1152533888847060992?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1152533888847060992&utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.news18.com%2Fnews%2Fmovies%2Fram-gopal-varma-gets-fined-for-traffic-violation-tweets-i-want-to-kiss-you-non-stop-to-cops-2239463.html&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
268
Can't afford to hang on to World Cup win: James Anderson
Following England's World Cup victory, pacer James Anderson has said that England cricketers can't afford to hang on to the World Cup win. "It's our job as English cricketers to try and carry that momentum on and hopefully an Ashes win will do that," he added. "It’s a really exciting time for English cricket," he further said.
https://www.cricketcountry.com/news/ashes-2019-cant-afford-to-hang-on-to-the-world-cup-win-james-anderson-870720?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Cricket Country
Null
269
Talks of Dhoni's retirement even before WC looks like agenda: Manager
MS Dhoni's manager and long-time friend Arun Pandey has said that it seemed there was some agenda after talks of Dhoni's retirement started even before the 2019 World Cup. "It was hurtful. These things don't bother him. There is no such plan. Where is the question of his retirement when he's playing? It'll be his decision," he added.
https://twitter.com/ANI/status/1152622863930798080?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Null
270
Man gets electricity bill of ₹128cr, loses connection for not paying
Shamim, a resident of UP's Hapur has allegedly received an electricity bill of ₹128 crore and the electricity department has cut the connection after he failed to pay it. Shamim's wife said, "We use only fan and light. How can the amount be so high?" "This must be technical fault...We'll issue them an updated bill," said an assistant electrical engineer.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/hapur-resident-gets-electricity-bill-of-rs-128459544420190721034425/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Hapur (Uttar Pradesh) [India], July 21 (ANI): A resident of Chamri in Hapur has allegedly received an electricity bill of Rs 1,28,45,95,444 and is running from pillar to post for getting it rectified but to no avail. Moreover, adding to his woes, the electricity department has also cut the connection as he failed to pay the bill.Shamim, who was shocked to see the amount, approached the electricity department where he was allegedly told to pay the bill in order to resume the connection."No one listens to our pleas, how will we submit that amount? When we went to complain about it, we were told that they won't resume our electricity connection unless we pay the bill," said Shamim."I am running from pillar to post but no one is listening. It seems that the electricity department wants me to pay the bill of whole Hapur," said Shamim."We only use fan and light. How can the amount be so high?" asks Shamim's wife Khairu Nisha."We are poor, how we will pay such large amount," she rued.Ram Sharan, Assistant Electrical Engineer admitted that it is because of some technical fault and will be rectified."This must be a technical fault. If they provide us with the bill we will issue them an updated one after rectifying the technical fault in the system. This is no big deal. Technical faults do take place," said Ram Sharan. (ANI)
271
PM Modi pays tribute to three-time Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit
Prime Minister Narendra Modi paid a visit to three-time Delhi Chief Minister and Congress leader Sheila Dikshit's residence on Saturday and condoled her demise. PM Modi, who was accompanied by Delhi BJP President Manoj Tiwari, said Dikshit made a noteworthy contribution to the development of the national capital. Dikshit died aged 81 after suffering a cardiac arrest today afternoon.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/politics/pm-modi-sonia-gandhi-pay-tribute-to-sheila-dikshit20190720220632/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
New Delhi [India], July 20 (ANI): Prime Minister Narendra Modi, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and former President Pranab Mukherjee were among the early politicians to pay tributes to senior Congress leader Sheila Dikshit, who passed away at the age of 81 on Saturday.Dikshit breathed her last at a private hospital in the national capital earlier today. Her mortal remains were brought to her residence in Nizamuddin East this evening.Modi, after laying a wreath on Dikshit's mortal remains, interacted with the veteran leader's family. Sonia, too, met the grieving members of the family and even embraced her daughter Latika.Speaking to media after paying respects to the departed, Manmohan Singh told reporters here, "It is a great loss for the country and Congress party. Delhi has lost an outstanding leader and administrator who transformed the state beyond recognition. The country will remember her contribution towards the transformation of Delhi for a long time."Meanwhile, former President Pranab Mukherjee said, "I knew her (Sheila Dikshit) even before she entered politics. It's a great loss to the nation. They have lost an able administrator and a fine leader."Hailing Dikshit as a "motherly figure", Lok Sabha Speaker Om Birla said, "Sheila Dikshit ji was a motherly figure, as a social and a political worker her contribution was immense to Delhi and the country. The whole country is sad over her demise."Defence Minister Rajnath Singh, who paid homage to the Congress stalwart, said, "Sheila Ji was counted among the most seasoned politicians of our nation. Her political life was spotless."Among others to pay tributes to the veteran leader at her residence were Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and actress Sharmila Tagore."People will miss Sheila Dikshit ji a lot, she had worked a lot for Delhi. Even though we were from different parties, whenever I met her she showed a lot of love. I pray to God to give peace to her soul and strength to her family to cope with this loss," Kejriwal told reporters outside the Congress leader's residence.Dikshit, who died at 3.55 pm at a private hospital in Delhi, is credited for the national capital's growing infrastructure including roads and flyovers and better public transport system.She was the longest-serving Chief Minister of Delhi, having served in office for 15 years from 1998. She was appointed Delhi Congress Committee earlier this year ahead of the Lok Sabha polls.The Congress stalwart's last rites will take place tomorrow afternoon.(ANI)
272
Technical snag fixed, Chandrayaan-2 ready for launch: Ex-ISRO chief
Former ISRO chairman AS Kiran Kumar on Saturday said that the technical snag which affected Chandrayaan-2's launch has been fixed and it's ready for launch on July 22. "We intend to move towards the moon on August 14 and land around September 6. All activities are in full swing and we're getting ready for the launch," he added.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/technical-snag-fixed-chandrayaan-2-ready-for-launch-ex-isro-chief20190720224924/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Bengaluru (Karnataka) [India], July 20 (ANI): Former Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) chairman A S Kiran Kumar on Saturday said that Chandrayaan-2 is ready for launch on July 22."Chandrayaan-2 is now ready for launch on 22 July. We intend to move towards the moon on August 14 and land on the moon around September 6. All the activities are in full swing and we are getting ready for the event on July 22," he told ANI here.Talking about the technical snag due to which the launch of the lunar mission was aborted last week, he said, "One of the issues, any system of this magnitude, we keep testing to various levels and during one of the levels we found that there was a shortcoming. So, that has been overcome. We are ready to go now."Chandrayaan-2 was scheduled to be launched on July 15. However, less than an hour before the launch, the mission was aborted after a technical snag was detected in the rocket.Chandrayaan-2, which has home-grown technology, will explore a region of Moon where no mission has ever set foot. The spacecraft consists of an orbiter, a lander and a rover together referred to as "composite body". The probe's total mass is 3.8 ton and it is expected to land on Moon's South Polar Region on September 6 or 7 this year.It will be the first Indian expedition to attempt a soft landing on the lunar surface. This mission will make India the fourth country after the US, Russia and China to carry out a soft landing on Moon.  (ANI)
273
Pakistan PM Imran Khan arrives in US, to meet Trump on Monday
Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan arrived in the US on Saturday on a three-day official trip. Khan is scheduled to meet US President Donald Trump at the White House on Monday. The cricketer-turned-politician arrived aboard a commercial Qatar Airways flight and is staying at the official residence of the Pakistan's Ambassador to the US, Asad Majeed Khan.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/imran-khan-arrives-in-us-will-meet-donald-trump-on-monday/story-qoYYZ4RycgD6DJjWvCQNVI.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
274
US-S Korea military exercise to proceed despite N Korea's warning
The secretary for peace planning to South Korean President Moon Jae-in, Jong Kun Choi, has said a US-South Korean military exercise would go ahead as planned next month. This comes despite North Korea's warning that the exercise will put talks aimed at getting the country to abandon its nuclear weapons at risk. "The nature of exercise isn't offensive," Choi said.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-southkorea-military/u-s-south-korean-military-exercise-to-proceed-top-south-korean-official-idUSKCN1UF0OV?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
275
Iran releases video of British-flagged oil tanker's capture
Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has released a video showing British-flagged oil tanker Stena Impero's capture. The video shows speedboats pulling up alongside the tanker, and troops wearing ski masks and carrying machine guns being lowered onto its deck from a helicopter. The same tactics were used by British Royal Marines to seize an Iranian oil tanker two weeks ago.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-iran-tanker/britain-calls-ship-seizure-hostile-act-as-iran-releases-video-of-capture-idUSKCN1UF03G?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
276
Boxer Shiva wins 1st gold for India at 2019 President's Cup
Four-time Asian Championships medallist Shiva Thapa won India's first gold at 2019 President's Cup boxing tournament after getting a walkover in the final in Kazakhstan on Saturday. Thapa, who was making his international debut in 63 kg category, was scheduled to fight Kazakhstan's Zakir Safiullin, who pulled out due to injury. Meanwhile, 19-year-old Praveen won silver in 60 kg category.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/shiva-thapa-becomes-india-s-first-gold-medallist-in-kazakhstan-president-s-cup/story-DojSc23fs9dZ3PY3N9hs9L.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
277
Wolves beat Man City in shootout to win Premier League Asia Trophy
Wolverhampton Wanderers defeated Premier League champions Manchester City to claim the Premier League Asia Trophy 3-2 in a penalty shootout in Shanghai on Saturday. Wolves, who won the title in their first ever participation in the competition scored through Rúben Vinagre, Taylor Perry and Ryan Bennett. Raheem Sterling missed a penalty in the first-half of the match for Manchester City.
Null
278
India must win medals in double digits to host 2032 Olympics: Batra
Indian Olympic Association President Narinder Batra has said that India must start winning medals in "double digits" if it wants to "realise the dream" of hosting 2032 Olympics. "We can target 10-12 medals in Tokyo, 25 in 2024 and around 40 in the 2028 Olympics," he added. "I feel these are achievable targets," he further said.
Null
279
Google to pay $11 mn to settle job seekers' age-bias claims
Technology giant Google has agreed to pay $11 million to settle a class-action lawsuit which accused it of age bias and discrimination against old-age applicants. The lawsuit had claimed the offers discriminated by an average payout of more than $35,000 for 227 people. Google said the applicants were found to be "Googley" enough but lacked required technical skills.
https://www.financialexpress.com/industry/technology/google-settles-job-seekers-age-bias-claims-for-11-million/1650671/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Financial Express
Null
280
Tinder bypassing Google Play in-app billing to avoid 30% fee
Online dating app Tinder is bypassing Google Play in-app billing on Android to avoid paying a 30% cut to Google. The platform has added a new default payment process, requiring users to enter their credit card details straight into Tinder's app. Tinder-parent Match declined to answer questions about whether the company was also investigating bypassing Apple's App Store, Bloomberg revealed.
https://inc42.com/buzz/tinder-bypasses-google-play-in-app-billing-payments-but-what-about-user-security/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Inc42
Null
281
Govt doing everything to provide relief: Assam CM on floods
Sarbananda Sonowal on Saturday said his government is doing everything to provide relief to people affected by floods in the state. "I want to thank Central government and Jal Shakti Minister Gajendra Singh Shekhawat on behalf of the people of Assam for their help," he added. At least 59 people have died in the floods so far.
https://twitter.com/ANI/status/1152606343301390336?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
282
BJP enter WB when riots happen but detained TMC in UP: Mamata
After a TMC delegation was detained on Saturday ahead of its visit to UP's Sonbhadra, TMC chief Mamata Banerjee claimed that BJP enters riot-affected areas in West Bengal but stopped them from visiting Sonbhadra. "They insistently enter affected places, they don't listen to us," she said. Earlier, Congress' Priyanka Gandhi Vadra was also detained while on her way to Sonbhadra.
https://twitter.com/ANI/status/1152604650908135424?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
283
Sheila Dikshit was architect of modern Delhi: PC Chacko
Delhi Congress in-charge PC Chacko condoled the death of former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit and said that she was the architect of modern Delhi. He added, "Delhi people will remember her as the most outstanding administrator Delhi had seen." On Wednesday, Chacko authorised three working Presidents to work independently in Delhi, stating Delhi Congress chief Dikshit was "not keeping well".
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/politics/sheila-dikshit-is-the-architect-of-modern-delhi-pc-chacko20190720230751/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
New Delhi [India], July 20 (ANI): Delhi Congress in-charge PC Chacko on Saturday, while paying tribute to former Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit who passed away today following cardiac arrest, called her the "architect of modern Delhi"."I am shocked to hear the sad news of the demise of Smt Sheila Dikshit. Congress party is grateful to her for her contributions to the party. She is the architect of modern Delhi," Chacko said."People of Delhi will ever remember her as the most outstanding administrator Delhi had seen. My heartfelt condolences to her bereaved family," he added.Dikshit was also the president of Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee.In the recent past, an internal rift had cropped up between Chacko and Dikshit after she allocated new responsibilities to the three working presidents of the Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee.In a letter to Dikshit earlier this week, Chacko had said: "As you are not keeping well, the three working presidents in the state will work independently and report to you the decisions taken."In an action note dated July 15, Haroon Yusuf and Devender Yadav were allotted responsibility for the upcoming Delhi University elections. On the other hand, Rajesh Lilothia was given the responsibility for North Delhi Municipal Corporation, South Delhi Municipal Corporation, and Youth Congress and DPCC.Before that, Chacko had written to Dikshit expressing his discontentment in a letter over her appointing 14 District Congress Committee observers and 280 Block Congress Committee observers without consulting him and the working presidents of the party's city unit.Dikshit had on June 28 dissolved all 280 Block Congress Committees in the city with immediate effect, a decision which was later stayed by Chacko. This had led to a precarious situation within the party here. (ANI)
284
IAS officer Ajay Bhadoo appointed Joint Secretary to President
The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet on Saturday approved the appointment of Ajay Bhadoo as Joint Secretary to President Ram Nath Kovind. Bhadoo, a 1999 Gujarat batch IAS officer, is currently serving as the Vadodara Municipal Commissioner. Over the years, he has served in various capacities and held positions like Collector, Secretary to the Gujarat Chief Minister, among others.
Null
285
Sheila Dikshit made Delhi better place for all: Sonia Gandhi
UPA Chairperson Sonia Gandhi condoled the death of former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit, saying she worked with such vision to transform Delhi to make it a better place to live in for all its citizen. Sonia added that Dikshit served the Congress party with courage and loyalty till the end. Sonia said that Dikshit brought "excellence" to everything she did.
https://www.india.com/news/india/sheila-dikshits-dedication-to-make-delhi-a-better-place-to-live-in-remains-her-lasting-legacy-sonia-gandhi-3722842/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
India.com
Null
286
SoftBank Seoul unit raises $270 mn fund for early-stage startups
Masayoshi Son-led Japanese conglomerate SoftBank's Seoul venture capital unit, focusing on early-stage investments, has raised a fund worth about $270 million. The fund will focus on early-stage startups globally with a focus on Asia, SoftBank revealed. The new fund aims to close in the next six months with investors including South Korea's National Pension Service.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-softbank-group-korea/softbank-raises-270-million-via-seoul-unit-for-early-stage-investments-idUSKCN1UE0SN?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
287
4 Maoists held for allegedly killing 5 policemen in Jharkhand
Police have arrested four Maoists who were allegedly involved in the killing of five policemen on June 14 in Jharkhand's Seraikela-Kharsawan. The police said that two motorcycles used in the crime and several mobile phones were also seized from their possession. "Raids are on to arrest other members of the bike-borne squad and masterminds," a police official said.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/4-maoists-held-in-jharkhand-for-killing-of-5-cops/story-RRCR00XA5GFOUi764ieGGO.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
288
Difficult to understand Bharat fully without Sanskrit: RSS chief
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat said that without knowing Sanskrit, it's difficult to understand Bharat completely and even Dr BR Ambedkar had said this. He added, "Every language in India, even those in tribal areas, has at least 30% Sanskrit words." He said, Sanskrit should be taught in such a way that it can be learnt by everybody.
Null
289
Man running away from dogs mistaken as thief in UP; set on fire
A man was thrashed and set ablaze allegedly by locals in UP after they mistook him for a thief as he tried hiding in a house on being chased by dogs. So far, two people have been arrested in the case, the police said. The man, identified as Sujit, is undergoing treatment and his condition is reported to be stable.
http://www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2019/jul/20/up-man-mistaken-to-be-thief-set-ablaze-by-locals-two-held-2006898.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The New Indian Express
BARABANKI (Uttar Pradesh): A man was thrashed and set ablaze allegedly by locals after he was mistaken to be a thief as he tried to hide in a house on being chased by dogs here in Raghopur village on Friday, police said.
So far two people have been arrested in the case on charges of "attempt to murder," police said. The man identified as Sujit was chased by a dog while he was on his way to visit his in-laws.
"Sujit was mistaken as a thief when he hid in a house after being chased by dogs. People thrashed him and tried to set him ablaze," Barabanki SP Akash Tomar said.
Presently, Sujit is undergoing treatment in a hospital in Lucknow and his condition is stable now, police said.
"Attempt to murder case has been registered and we have arrested two persons. Other accused will be arrested soon," the senior police official said.
Meanwhile, the wife of the victim said: "Around five people had attacked my husband. When my father reached the spot the accused hit him too. My husband's condition is not well and he is unable to speak."
290
Hotelier files defamation case against Esha over misconduct allegation
Delhi-based hotelier Rohit Vig has filed a criminal defamation complaint against actress Esha Gupta after she accused him of sexually inappropriate behaviour at a restaurant. Sharing the alleged incident on social media earlier this month, Esha had said, "[Vig] was...raping me with his eyes...He was requested to behave thrice and then leave...Eventually two guards had to be around me."
https://www.thequint.com/entertainment/celebrities/esha-gupta-slapped-with-defamation-suit-delhi-restaurateur?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Quint
A Delhi restaurateur has filed a criminal defamation complaint against Bollywood actor Esha Gupta after she accused him of sexual misconduct through a series of posts on social media, on 5 July.
The Delhi-based businessman filed the defamation case through advocate Vikas Pahwa under IPC sections 499 and 500 in Saket Court, New Delhi. The matter has been posted for hearing on 28 August.
“The mental agony caused to the complainant is continuing every day since close friends and colleagues are contacting him and his family on a continuous basis and expressing displeasure over the content posted by the accused. Many members of the public have been expressing doubts on the integrity and moral character of the complainant believing the false and defamatory statements to be true,” the plea filed by Pahwa read.
Recenty, Esha, through a series of Tweets had accused Delhi-based restaurateur Rohit Vig of making her “uncomfortable” by staring at her all night.
“If a woman like me can feel violated and unsafe in the county, then idk what girls around feel. Even with two securities around I felt getting raped.. #RohitVig you’re a swine.. he deserves to rot,” she wrote.
Also Read : Esha Gupta Accuses Restaurateur of Making Her Feel ‘Raped’
(The Quint will no longer be on WhatsApp, owing to changes in its policies regarding news publishers. You can now get the latest news updates on our Telegram channel. For handpicked stories every day, subscribe to us on Telegram.)
291
Wife stayed with India player for entire WC violating rules: Reports
A senior Indian cricketer's wife stayed with him for the entire seven-week duration of 2019 World Cup without seeking permission from either the captain or the coach. The player specifically requested for his wife to stay with him for more than the permissible period (15 days). However, the CoA had rejected his request on May 3, as per PTI.
Null
292
19-year-old sprinter Hima Das wins 5th international gold in 19 days
India's 19-year-old sprinter Hima Das won her fifth international gold in 19 days after winning the 400-metre race by clocking 52.09 seconds at an international meet in Czech Republic today. She won her first competitive 200-metre race of 2019 on July 2 at Poznan Athletics Grand Prix, followed by 200-metre golds at Kutno, Kladno and Tabor meets.
Null
293
Cricket is not a sport, says Russian government
The Russian government has refused to officially recognise cricket as a sport. Cricket will not be eligible for support from the Russian Sports Ministry, as per a memo. Footgolf, sports yoga, model plane flying, ice stock sport and korfball are among the disciplines that have found a place in Russia's "registry of sports". Thai boxing has also been denied recognition.
https://www.rt.com/sport/464564-cricket-not-sport-russia/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
RT
Null
294
PV Sindhu reaches Indonesia Open final for the first time
World number five PV Sindhu has entered the Indonesia Open final for the first time in her career after beating world number three Chen Yu Fei 21-19, 21-10 in the semi-final on Saturday. Sindhu will meet Japan’s Akane Yamaguchi in the final on Sunday. The final will also be Sindhu's first in 2019.
Null
295
OYO gets $10-billion valuation with Founder buying $2-billion stake
India's most valuable private hotel chain, Gurugram-based OYO has gained a valuation of $10 billion after its 25-year-old Founder Ritesh Agarwal agreed to invest $2 billion to increase his stake. He is buying the shares from existing investors Lightspeed Venture Partners and Sequoia India, reportedly increasing his stake from 10% to 30%. Ritesh Agarwal founded OYO in 2013, aged 19.
https://techcrunch.com/2019/07/19/indias-oyo-valued-at-10b-after-founder-purchases-2b-in-shares/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
TechCrunch
The fast-growing Indian hospitality business Oyo has garnered a valuation of $10 billion after its founder, Ritesh Agarwal, purchased $2 billion in shares from venture capital firms Sequoia Capital and Lightspeed Venture Partners, the company announced Friday.
Agarwal, 25, founded Oyo in 2013 at the age of 19. Following immense growth of the now global hotel chain business, Agarwal opted to increase his 10% stake to 30% via a Cayman Islands company called RA Hospitality Holdings, according to The Wall Street Journal. SoftBank has also increased its percent ownership as part of this round, now owning nearly half of the company.
Oyo has raised a whopping $1.6 billion in equity funding to date, reaching a valuation of $5 billion at its last funding round. Other investors in the company include Airbnb, Grab Holdings and Didi Chuxing.
Oyo is active in 800 cities in 80 countries, with more than 23,000 hotels in its portfolio. Recently, the company announced plans to invest $300 million in the U.S. market, where it currently operates more than 50 Oyo Hotels in 35 cities and 10 states.
Earlier this week, the Gurgaon-headquartered firm introduced Oyo Workspaces. The new entity was born out of its acquisition of Innov8, a co-working startup with more than 200 employees. The four-year-old startup was acquired for about $30 million, according to reporting by TechCrunch’s Manish Singh.
296
2nd China space station destroyed via controlled re-entry to Earth
Chinese space agency has confirmed the destruction of its 9-tonne experimental space station Tiangong-2 through a controlled re-entry to Earth which burned it up. A small amount of debris fell into a designated South Pacific Ocean security area. Tiangong-2 spent over 1,000 days in space, orbiting Earth 16,209 times. Notably, Tiangong-1 was destroyed in an uncontrolled re-entry in April 2018.
https://techcrunch.com/2019/07/19/chinas-tiangong-2-space-station-is-officially-no-more/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
TechCrunch
Chinese space station Tiangong-2 has officially ended its mission, and the orbital research facility’s entire existence. The platform de-orbited and burned up as planned at just after 9 AM ET on Friday, coming down over the South Pacific Ocean, as confirmed by the official Chinese space agency.
The station weighed around nine U.S. tons at the time it re-entered the Earth’s atmosphere, but even so it was small enough that it almost entirely burned up in the process. Tiangong-2 was relatively small for a space station (when measured against the ISS), consisting of just a research module with enough space on board for only two astronauts.
After about 1,000 days in space, Tiangong-2 had exceeded its planned lifespan, and China’s space agency planned this de-orbit — in contrast to Tiangong-1’s de-orbit last year, which was not planned (though ultimately not a risk to anyone on the ground, either). Both of these, and the forthcoming Tiangong-3, are intended as temporary orbital stations designed for testing key technologies in pursuit of the “real” Chinese space station — which is set to begin its mission life in 2020 with the launch of the Tianhe-1 core module.
297
India in touch with Iran for release of 18 Indians on seized ship
Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Raveesh Kumar has said that the country is in touch with Iran to secure the early release and repatriation of 18 Indian nationals on board the seized British-flagged oil tanker. "We are ascertaining further details on the incident," Kumar added. Iran seized the oil tanker two weeks after Britain seized its ship in Gibraltar.
https://twitter.com/airnewsalerts/status/1152525213986197510?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
298
Class 8 student kills self after losing monitor election to a girl
A Class 8 student of a private school in Telangana committed suicide after losing the class monitor election to a girl. The 13-year-old boy, who was missing since Thursday evening, was found dead on a railway track in Ramannapet area on Friday. The boy was reportedly taunted by his classmates and teachers following his defeat to a girl.
https://www.india.com/news/india/telangana-13-year-old-boy-kills-self-after-losing-class-monitor-election-against-girl-student-3722389/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
India.com
Null
299
Six states including Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal get new Governors
Madhya Pradesh Governor Anandiben Patel has been appointed the new Governor of Uttar Pradesh, while Bihar Governor Lal Ji Tandon has been shifted to Madhya Pradesh. Phagu Chauhan will be the new Governor of Bihar. Jagdeep Dhankhar and Ramesh Bais have been appointed new Governors of West Bengal and Tripura respectively, while RN Ravi has been named Nagaland Governor.
https://twitter.com/DDNewsLive/status/1152505320083603457?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Twitter
Null
300
Man who set fire to Japan studio played games non-stop: Neighbour
The 41-year-old who set fire to a Japan animation studio, killing 34, lived alone in his apartment where he played games non-stop, according to his neighbour. He added music from video games blasted from Shinji Aoba's apartment at all hours. "I've never seen him go out during the day...I would regularly hear him go out around midnight," the neighbour added.
https://in.reuters.com/article/japan-fire-suspect-idINKCN1UF0D8?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=5d3341adb9415600019b1334&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
301
Indian utilities' coal imports in 2019 first half rise over 53%
Coal imports by Indian coal utilities during the first half of 2019 rose 53.4% from a year earlier to 35.47 million tonnes, government data showed. Imports for power plants at Gujarat's Mundra made up 42% of all imports by Indian utilities during the first six months. Imports by Adani Power's Mundra plant more than quadrupled to 9.01 million tonnes.
https://in.reuters.com/article/india-coal-imports/indian-utilities-coal-imports-in-first-half-of-2019-rise-over-53-from-year-ago-idINKCN1UE192?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
302
India may engage foreign lenders for loans to small firms
The government is reportedly in talks with foreign lenders to provide as much as ₹1 lakh crore in credit to the country's small enterprises. It is in discussions with multiple foreign lenders, including Germany's state-owned development bank KfW Group, the World Bank and some Canadian institutions. World Bank has said the discussions with the government were in the early stages.
https://in.reuters.com/article/india-economy-loans/exclusive-indian-government-seeks-to-tap-foreign-lenders-for-loans-to-its-small-firms-sources-idINKCN1UF06P?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
303
Insolvency administrator invites resolution plans for Jet Airways
Jet Airways resolution professional, Grant Thornton's Ashish Chhawchharia, has invited Expressions of Interest (EoIs) for the grounded airline by August 3. The final list of prospective applicants will be issued on August 14 and the resolution plans have to be submitted by September 5. Almost 17,000 creditors of the carrier have claimed ₹24,890 crore in dues.
https://www.financialexpress.com/industry/jet-airways-insolvency-administrator-invites-resolution/1650677/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
The Financial Express
Null
304
HDFC Bank profit rises 21% in June quarter to ₹5,568 crore
India's largest private lender HDFC Bank registered a 21% net profit rise for the June quarter at ₹5,568 crore. The asset quality of the Mumbai-based bank, which mainly focuses on retail customers, remained stable with gross bad loan ratio standing at 1.4% compared to 1.33% last year. Overall, HDFC's total advances increased by 17% to ₹8.3 lakh crore.
https://in.reuters.com/article/hdfc-bank-results/hdfc-bank-net-profit-rises-21-in-june-quarter-idINKCN1UF0DI?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Reuters
Null
305
Arvind Subramanian counters criticism through new GDP paper
Ex-Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian has given further evidence that India's growth between 2011-12 and 2016-17 may have been overestimated by 2.5 percentage points. PM's Economic Advisory Council argued that Subramanian overlooked taxation data in his earlier analysis. In a follow-up paper, he argued real growth in direct taxes fell from 14.3% pre-2011 to 3.7% during the post-2011 period.
https://www.livemint.com/news/india/arvind-subramanian-counters-pmeac-criticism-through-new-gdp-paper-1563515584032.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Livemint
Null
306
46-yr-old Paes becomes oldest ATP Tour semi-finalist since 2006
India's 46-year-old tennis player Leander Paes became the oldest ATP Tour semi-finalist since John McEnroe at 2006 San Jose. He achieved the feat after he and his partner Marcus Daniell from New Zealand saved three match points to reach doubles semi-finals at ATP Hall of Fame Open. The third-seeded pair defeated unseeded Robert Lindstedt and Matthew Ebden 6-4, 5-7, 14-12.
https://www.hindustantimes.com/tennis/hall-of-fame-open-leander-paes-and-marcus-daniell-enter-semis/story-bG862XbWduWNSPDH7zFuGP.html?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Hindustan Times
Null
307
Hope to see more Indians like Yuvraj play global T20 leagues: Kumble
After BCCI gave Yuvraj Singh permission to play in Global T20, ex-India captain Anil Kumble said the BCCI should make way for more Indians to play in overseas T20 leagues. He added that having Indians in the leagues will be "an immense boost" not just for the growth of the leagues, but also for youngsters who play in those leagues.
https://www.cricketcountry.com/news/anil-kumble-more-indian-players-like-yuvraj-singh-playing-in-global-t20-leagues-870527?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Cricket Country
Null
308
We ain't got no better wicketkeepers, tweets user about Dhoni
Following MS Dhoni's decision to take a two-month sabbatical from cricket to serve his Territorial Army regiment, a user reacted with a tweet that read, "we ain't got no better wicketkeepers!@msdhoni #WIvIND #WestIndiesTourOfIndia." "Man, The Amount of days i live on earth is directly proportional to my Respect for him!! @msdhoni," read a part of another user's tweet.
https://www.india.com/sports/twitter-lauds-lt-colonel-ms-dhoni-after-he-takes-break-from-cricket-to-serve-his-territorial-army-regiment-see-posts-3722571/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
India.com
Lt Colonel MS Dhoni again won applause for his latest act! He is making it a habit and what a wonderful habit to have. Former India skipper Dhoni has taken a two-month sabbatical from cricket to serve his Territorial Army regiment amid all the retirement rumours that are doing the rounds. Dhoni’s selfless act was lauded by his fans as they took to Twitter and reacted. “Dhoni, in this lifetime you made me an MSDian before anything else. All I wish now is love my country India 1% of the way you do. MS Dhoni to serve the Indian army next 2 months. Cant be more proud,” wrote one of his fans.
Here is how fans reacted:






Speaking of his retirement, Mahendra Singh Dhoni’s childhood friend, Arun Pandey, said that the cricketer has no immediate plans to retire from international cricket. Brushing aside all the rumours Singh said, on Thursday, “He has no immediate plans to retire. The constant speculation over the future of a great player like him is unfortunate.”
309
Fake FaceApp challenge apps putting malware on devices: Kaspersky
Cybersecurity firm Kaspersky has revealed fake clones of viral photo-editing app FaceApp, that lets users virtually look older, is installing malware such as 'MobiDash' adware on users' devices. Kaspersky added about 500 different users have faced the issue in two days, after first noticing the same on July 7. About 800 modifications of the 'MobiDash' module were identified, it added.
https://www.aninews.in/news/tech/internet/fake-faceapp-application-may-infect-your-device-with-adware-module20190719231035/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
New Delhi (India), July 19 (ANI): Global cybersecurity company Kaspersky Lab has revealed the risk of using apps that allows a person to age their face, which is also the latest viral craze on the social media.The company found that a fake app that is designed to trick users into thinking it is a certified version of FaceApp can actually infect victims' devices with an adware module called MobiDash.They further revealed that once the application is downloaded from unofficial sources and installed, it simulates a failure and is subsequently removed. After that, a malicious module in the application rests discreetly on the user's device, displaying adverts.According to Kaspersky data, around 500 unique users have encountered the problem in the last two days, with the first detections appearing on July 7. There were almost 800 different module modifications identified."The people behind MobiDash often hide their adware module under the guise of popular applications and services. This means that the activities of the fake version of FaceApp could intensify, especially if we are talking about hundreds of targets in just a few days. We urge users not to download applications from unofficial sources and to install security solutions on their devices to avoid any damage," noted Igor Golovin, security researcher at Kaspersky.The company's previous study uncovered that the majority (63 per cent) of consumers do not read license agreements and 43 per cent just tick all privacy permissions when they are installing new apps. While this survey was done three years ago, they believe its findings on digital habits remain relevant and true. (ANI)
310
Kashmir problem will be solved, no power can stop it: Rajnath
Defence Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday asserted that the Kashmir problem would get solved and no power in the world could stop it. "If somebody doesn't want a solution through talks, then we know how to find a solution," he said during his day-long trip to the state. Earlier today, Singh inaugurated two bridges constructed by the Border Roads Organisation.
Null
311
Govt doing its best to curb mob lynching: MP Home Minister
Madhya Pradesh Home Minister Bala Bachhan on Saturday said that his government is doing its best to curb mob lynching in the state. "There shouldn't be any mob lynching incidents. In fact, the number of crimes has gone down," he added. This comes after two separate incidents of mob lynching reportedly took place in MP's Neemuch and Raisen on Friday.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/govt-doing-its-best-to-curb-mob-lynching-mp-home-minister-bala-bachchan20190720165024/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Bhopal (Madhya Pradesh) [India], July 20 (ANI): Madhya Pradesh Home Minister Bala Bachchan on Saturday said that the government is doing its best to curb mob lynching after two incidents took place in the state within a day. "The government is doing its best to curb mob lynching in the state. However, if incidents are taking place despite our efforts, strict action will be taken against the culprits," Bachchan told reporters.Two separate incidents of mob lynching reportedly took place in Neemuch and Raisen districts of the state respectively on Friday. Another incident of lynching had taken place in Devas district a few days ago.Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Kamal Nath on Saturday said that the government is bringing new laws to curb mob lynching in the state."There shouldn't be any mob lynching incidents. In fact, the number of crimes has gone down. The BJP is making false accusations," Bachchan said.Earlier, BJP leader of Opposition Gopal Bhargav had said that the MP government is not being able to maintain law and order in the state."The BJP should stop taking the law in its own hands if they want to maintain order," Bachchan said citing 'Satna' and 'bat assault' incidents among others.BJP Satna Panchayat president Ram Sushil Patel had allegedly assaulted a government official in the area while BJP MLA Akash Vijayvargiya is accused of thrashing a government official with a bat. (ANI)
312
California software startup Notion Labs to get $10 million
California-based enterprise software-as-a-service (SaaS) startup Notion Labs is raising $10 million from angel investors including former Y Combinator Partner Daniel Gross, among others. "Notion...could've been a higher valuation but we wanted to remain under unicorn ($1 billion) valuation to avoid the hype," COO Akshay Kothari said. Former LinkedIn India head Kothari had joined Notion in 2018.
https://inc42.com/buzz/ex-linkedin-india-heads-notion-labs-raises-10-mn-angel-funding/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
Inc42
Null
313
Sheila Dikshit will always be remembered for her works: Priyanka
Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi Vadra on Saturday said that former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit will always be remembered for her works. "She was a big leader of the Congress and her contribution towards the party, politics...and especially to Delhi, is immense," she added. The three-time Delhi CM passed away at the age of 81 following a cardiac arrest on Saturday.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/sheila-dikshit-will-always-be-remembered-for-her-works-priyanka-gandhi20190720174401/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Varanasi (Uttar Pradesh) [India], July 20 (ANI): Congress' east UP general secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra on Saturday expressed sorrow over the demise of former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit on Saturday, saying that she would always be remembered for her works."Deeply saddened by the demise of Sheila Dikshit Ji. She loved me, whatever she did for Delhi and for the country, people will remember it always. She was a big leader of the Congress party and her contribution towards the party, politics of the nation and especially to Delhi, is immense," she told media persons here.Meanwhile, Priyanka Gandhi's husband and businessman Robert Vadra also expressed his shock over the death of Delhi's former three-time chief minister Sheila Dikshit and took to social media to convey his condolences."Former Chief Minister of Delhi Sheila Dikshit is no more, she was like family. It's absolutely shocking and tragic news. The nation has lost a distinguished politician. I had always known her as a very warm and an affectionate lady. She did wonders for Delhi as Chief Minister and she will be greatly missed. My heartfelt condolences to her family members.  May her soul rest in peace," he shared on social media.The 81-year-old Congress leader was admitted to Escorts Fortis Hospital here where she passed away after a cardiac arrest at 3.55 pm. (ANI)
314
₹5 lakh ex-gratia for families of 10 killed in Sonbhadra firing
The UP government on Saturday issued a compensation of ₹5 lakh each for the families of the 10 deceased in the Sonbhadra firing. "According to the instructions of CM (Yogi Adityanath), ₹5 lakh was made available to the families," Sonbhadra District Magistrate Ankit Agarwal said. "Disputed land matters will be looked into by a committee formed...in this matter," Agarwal added.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/sonbhadra-firing-kin-of-victims-get-rs-5-lakh-each-as-compensation20190720181214/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Sonbhadra (Uttar Pradesh) [India], July 20 (ANI): A compensation of Rs 5 lakh each was issued on Saturday to the kin of victims of the Sonbhadra firing incident.Sonbhadra District Magistrate (DM) Ankit Agarwal, who disbursed the relief funds, said, "According to the instructions of Chief Minister, Rs 5 lakh was made available to the families of the ten deceased in the Sonbhadra firing case. Eight of the affected parties were present today while two were not available.""Disputed land matters will be looked into by a committee formed by the government in this matter. All the documents related to this land have been sent to the committee. The committee will send its report in a week and further action will be taken on the basis of the reports. The farmers will be given due support from the government," he added.Ten people were killed and several sustained injuries on July 17 in an incident of firing over a land dispute at a village in Sonbhadra district of Uttar Pradesh.The incident took place in Ubbha village of Ghorawal when the pradhan went to take possession of his land purchased two years ago. However, he was met with opposition by the villagers, which triggered firing by his aides leading to the death of nine people, including four women."The incident took place in a remote area in Ghorawal police station limits. Pradhan of Ubha village purchased 90 bigha land two years back. Today, he went with some of his aides to take the possession. Local villagers opposed. As a result, they opened fire causing the death of nine villagers including four women," Inspector General (Law and Order) Praveen Kumar had said.The injured were admitted to the district's government hospital. (ANI)
315
2 students injured after explosion in Odisha school
At least two students were injured in an explosion inside a school in Odisha's Ganjam district on Saturday morning. As per reports, a student stumbled upon an unidentified object and threw it on the floor, causing the explosion. "Such unfortunate incidents have occurred as most of the schools have no boundary walls," School and Mass Education Minister Samir Dash said.
https://www.aninews.in/news/national/general-news/odisha-2-children-injured-in-explosion-inside-ganjam-school20190720153427/?utm_campaign=fullarticle&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=inshorts
ANI
Ganjam (Odisha) [India], July 20 (ANI): At least two students sustained injuries following an explosion inside the school premises in Magura village of Ganjam district on Saturday.The incident occurred at around 11 am today.The injured have been admitted to MKCG Medical College and Hospital in Brahmapur.The cause behind the blast has not been ascertained yet.More details in this regard are awaited. (ANI)
[Errno 2] No such file or directory: '/tmp/tmpp1ya1s44'
